Why is it set in space? Because no one wants to buy it.
i don't like kids so i don't like this :D
hmm its like game of thrones you like some characters and thay die story its good but why i must disable anti vir for play this game ........ whan you dont do that it will shut down game whan you in creadits click RIght clik on mouse you will see eathan :_ E3N HeadAnd that ending PRESS F TO PRAYGJPS_ recomand this game if you like play single or zombie whit friends
Runs like a crippled man.
Why is it set in space? Because no one wants to buy it.
i don't like kids so i don't like this :D
hmm its like game of thrones you like some characters and thay die story its good but why i must disable anti vir for play this game ........ whan you dont do that it will shut down game whan you in creadits click RIght clik on mouse you will see eathan :_ E3N HeadAnd that ending PRESS F TO PRAYGJPS_ recomand this game if you like play single or zombie whit friends
Runs like a crippled man.
Why can't I play with f******* bots offline? What retard thought people would be okay with DRM? I'm getting a refund. F*** you Activision.
Ehhhh I only bought for zombies not worth buying thoug but I do like zombies in spaceland and other zombie maps but this game is overpriced if it were 10$ then it would be worth buying I got It for 20$ and It was not even worth it for 20$ but I do enjoy Zombies In Spaceland
WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DOES IT KEEP FREEZING I HAVE A i7 2600k GTX 1050TI 16GB RAM 500GB HARDDRIVE wtf my game freezes UNTILL THIS IS FIXED FOR ME I WILL DO A POSSITIVE REVIEW UNTILL DO NOT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT!!!!!
unstable!crashes for no reason on my high end pc.gameplay and equipment is worse than any other cod too.
this game is sooo bad, the technology exposed in it is so not original and dumb, this game isnt balanced for multiplayer, such a shame because its the main reason people buy cod to begin with, campaighn is soo boring tooo.
If you're looking to pick this up to get the COD fix until BO4 goes down in price... Don't bother, online multiplayer is absolutely dead... I re installed the game after a while of not playing and I would get one person entering the lobby and leaving before the next could join... I know it's old now but still, I've never known a cod game be so dead
i enjoyed this game on ps4 but this game runs horrible on pc i cant even play a game  because the frame rates are poor and it crashes then ends the program
Unable to play this game at all after first movie clip plays game loads then crashes each time unplayable even on low graphics
sithke
got this game for xmas in 2016 fallout 76 was better than this
The game is dead.
This is my first experience with Call of Duty since Modern Warfare 1 and it's been a total waste of money. I got partway through the campaign and got bored of it so I left the game for a little bit and an update or so later I'm no longer able to keep the game open due to a massive memory leak, the game just uses up all of my available ram, then page file, then crashes.Dissappointing.EDIT:Finally got the game working and I haven't been able to find an online game at all, Zombies or TDM or anything.This game is dead, do not buy it.
this game is very such
Same Call of Duty gamplay, but don't like the futuristic space theme.
SO MANY HACKER IW IS PROMOTING HACKERS AND STEAM CANT GET THE JOB DONEPOOR SERVERS , SCAMMER IW FOR SELPROMOTING HACKERSYOU GUYS MUST BE DESPERATE TO SELL YOUR GAMES CAUSE ONLY HACKERS EXIST IN EVERY F.KING CODHAVE YOU EVER ASKED YOURSELF "HOW THE ORIGIN IS HANDLING THE CHEATERS"? YOU SHOULD ASK THIS EASILY DUMB QUESTION TO YOURSELVES FOR YOUR F.KING GAME WITH FULL OF CHEATERS!
NO ONE PLAYS THIS GAME ANYMORE. RIP COD DEAD GAME+ FOR THE ZOMBIES BUT STILLL DEAD GAME RIP TREYARCHRIP ACTIVISIONRIP CALL OF DUTYBETTER SWITCH TO PUBG
Fired this back up to finally get into something after the seemingly endless introductory section, and discovered that it thought I had made no progress and needed to start a new game. I can see why for the latest game they just ditched the singleplayer campaign, apparently they're terrible at it.
Let me put this simple:The Worst FPS I've Played(mic drop)
BANNED FOR NO APPARENT REASON
Great game on console, horrible on pc. The MP is flooded with cheaters to the point that it's not playable, reporting seems to have no effect.I got this game on sale for 20 bucks, it's not even worth that. I don't even know why steam would sell this to people in it's current state.Amazing MP/zombies game on xbox and ps4, shame I can't enjoy it on my laptop too.
Campaign not enjoyable imo and not much to say about it cuz it atleast workedMultiplayer doesnt work at all it feels like a blessing if you can actually join a match without it freezing and once ur in a match have fun enjoying your 10 minutes of playing before it fully locks up againnot very enjoyable and imo a big scam for the price
worst cod
This game does not even work. It does not stop freezing. I wish i could play it. The devoloper needs to fix this.
terrible game
Worst game ever released..
Keeps crashing when searching for a game. Have verified game files, updated Nvidea drivers, made in/out exceptions in firewall, deleted and restored config files, I've even tried in different in game and native resolutions. I get no error code, it's as if I alt-f4'd it. It's been many years since I bought a COD game. Seems they haven't changed much.
it's just the amount of money that you have to pay to enjoy a call of duty game that makes me hate the franchise and the publishers. because i really like every call of duty ever made. but they just need to tone down the milking attempts and making you pay for extras that should have been in the game since launch
just played the online multiplayer, i was a veteran player from many years ago, mw2 etc, just tried this to see how it compares. i think its awful, online was just running flying jumping around with op weapons, no fun at all imo. give me the traditional cod multiplayer anyday. throw in a little lag and it become a fast paced mess, glad i bought it for a few pounds but only bought it for the remastered cod in truth so no loss,. but still a shame to see where they have taken the series.
I got it today first game i join (after 30 min of searching) there is 2 hackers full on aimbotting in the game
Big money goes around the worldBig money undergroundBig money got a mighty voiceBig money make no soundBig money pull a million stringsBig money hold the prizeBig money weave a mighty webBig money draw the fliesSometimes pushing people around Sometimes pulling out the rug Sometimes pushing all the buttons Sometimes pulling out the plug It's the power and the glory It's a war in paradise A Cinderella story On a tumble of the diceBig money goes around the worldBig money take a cruiseBig money leave a mighty wakeBig money leave a bruiseBig money make a million dreamsBig money spin big dealsBig money make a mighty headBig money spin big wheelsSometimes building ivory towers Sometimes knocking castles down Sometimes building you a stairwayLock you underground It's that old-time religion It's the kingdom they would rule It's the fool on television Getting paid to play the foolIt's the power and the glory It's a war in paradise A Cinderella story On a tumble of the diceBig money goes around the worldBig money give and takeBig money done a power of goodBig money make mistakesBig money got a heavy handBig money take controlBig money got a mean streakBig money got no soul
To keep it short: Worst campaign i ever played. What´s bad:- story and worldbuilding- dialogs (worst dialogs i have ever heard)- characters (apart from Evan)- scenery (boring, nothing special, sci-fi could have allowed so much more!)- game mechanics (lame, boring and repetitive)- gameplay diversity (theres no great diversity)- mission design (do the same over and over!)- logic- graphic effects (effects have extremely low resolution)- sound effects- cutscenes are in 720p/25fps (it looked like that, not measured)What´s great:- ship and vehicle design- soundtrackWhat´s missing:- skippable credits- skippable cutscenes- fun
Multiplayer sucks as expected and zombies feel dissapoiting to
Crap campaign,  spoiler alert..........Everyone dies.
this game trash
♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
Nice attempt at making a game, but if your game has loading times longer than any other game on the universe then you're bound to get a negative review. I can't even skip cutscenes in this game, you get more cutscenes and quick time events than gameplay. so I decided to play zombies, guess freaking what. There's a super long horrendous cutscene. Oh but that is not all. the game will start interupting your gameplay by pausing the game and showing extremely basic hints like the fact that you can buy weapons in zombies mode. Well what about multiplayer? There are cutscenes there too, somehow. So what do we have? Long waiting times and cutscenes and quick time events.
Everyone tells me the campaign for this is awesome.I wouldn't call having the game stutter for 5 seconds every time I enter a new room (not even like through doorways, going down the hall and making a turn also causes it) awesome.Maybe the story or the gameplay is good but I'm not going to put up with this trash performance.GTX 1080i7 6700k32gb ramframerate is 90+ at all times except when I get these constant stutters. I'm not going to move this onto my SSD to see if that fixes it because this game is like 80GB, nor should I be required to have an SSD. My hard drives are 7200 RPM, so it's not like they're slow PoS.
Game has serious issues there are a lot of bugs. for eg. the Operation Burn Water in both Playstation and PC.
The game crashes everytime whatever i choose to play...
This is by far the crappiest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥call of duty i played so far. Not because of the gameplay or maps, but because i can't even start it/play it. It simply crashed without any reason, ...
Graphics are literally astounding, but here is why I say skip this game. At one point I came across a devastating gamebreaking bug where I got stuck and it would not allow me to move forward with the story. This is unfortunate as I enjoyed the story and the idea of space in a CoD game being the main focus. If this bug is fixed, I will replay and change my rating.
lol BS unoptimised! everything is sh!t in this game!don't buy it! BG.
Multiplayer locked at 90 fps. Unplayable for anyone that's ever used a 144 hz monitor.
Single player campaign is good but very short for the price of this game. Spend your money elswhere.
This one is garbage. So futuristic and...bad. However you gotta give it to the Zombie mod,but it can't fix this game. Not recommended.
baD SHHIT
This game's singleplayer campaign had an insufficient amount of explosions, tinnitus noise, getting knocked down, forced limping sections, slow-mo door opening, military jargon, imperialist jingoism, implausible aircraft flying, secondary character sacrifice, falling down from collapsing structures, and baffling geopolitics.  Would not recommend.  Also install size is too small, did not require me to buy a second hard drive to store all the hi-resolution face scans, generic-looking textures, and bland dialogue.  Also did not have enough cameos from recognizable actors whose presence is totally pointless and adds nothing to the game, should have got Patrick Stewart to reprise his role from Oblivion as the Emperor of the SDF.
At launch this game was pretty god damm fun, but I cannot recommend this anymore. Servers are dead, only reason to play is for the zombies and story.
the game is dead, everyone is tryhard, zombies isn't fun, the campain was TERRIBLE
I don't typically play games online. I bought this game for the campaign and zombie mode. After what I've experienced, I do not believe it is actually worth the $130 total asking price.Campaign: Yeah, pretty good. Worth about $45.Zombies: Eh, it's okay. Not crazy about it because it's not very fun for a zombie mode. Worth another $35.Modern Warfare Remastered: $40 game, worth your time at the least.Season pass: definitely NOT worth it. adds 12GB to the download for the price of a full game.Worth about a dollar per Gigabyte of storage; this game is massive and massively expensive per gigabyte. And in order to play zombies, you MUST download the multiplayer package which is 8.3GB or else you get an error that exits to desktop.Base game is about 68.4GB which is absolutely immense.I'm not going to play multiplayer because that's just not what I look for in a Call of Duty game.Conslusion: Decent deal if you get the Deluxe for $80 and leave it at that. Still a good game even without Modern Warfare Remastered. Infinity Ward takes this too seriously, imo.
It's a dead and s h i t  gameprops to salad for buying me it
piece ofâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
There is way to many Hackers and nobody gets band in here they are wrecking the game people report on it 2years and nothing. I say don't buy any more games unless it says Hack Free Play.It's time we take a stand....
Trash.
Bad Storyline. It should not be a call of duty game. Multiplayer is also dead
E
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing ripped off
Would love to have played it.Didn't load the 1st level, 98%.Didn't even work in safe mode.Re-installed - 98GGB!!!Still didn't work.Contacted Steam, they would not help, or refund, since they said I played 2 hours, I tried to explain those 2 hours were on the loading screen.DO NOT BUY UNTIL THIS IS PATCHED AND WORKS, AND AN APPOLOGY FROM ACTIVISION ISSUED!WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY
well then.. im one of those hundreds OR thousands of ppl that have same problem... 98% stuck loading and cant connect to online.... did they abandon the game or what???.......i remember i played this game no problems when it came out but now.... and i have tried them all fixes other than re-installing and that im not even gonna try :)
Actually a bad game. Don't buy it unless you hate yourself
if you like to play loading screen simulator then this is the game for you. multiplayer... nope campagin... nope zombies... NOPE! i would love to know why it isn't loading for me.
Bought the game for 5 dollars. Still far too expensive for a this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
The game was already a D34DG4ME before his release.
cant even load anything, campaign stuck at 95% even after verifying files. Zombies crashes during the first cutscene always
Can't even play the campaign as I'm stuck on a loading screen.Don't even wanna try multiplayer.A shame.
It feels like I am playing the same game over again with just different weapons and characters. I would not recommend you to buy this game if you have already played other Call of Duty games such as Black Ops 3 or Advanced Warfare, because there is nothing new that you can find here. On the other hand, if you haven't played these Call of Duty games then this might be a good game for you to try out, a lot of effort was put in it. Who am I kidding, do not do that.
I would like to write better review but game is constantly random crashing every 1-5 minutes. I have 50+ games installed and playing on my PC withous any problems. There are crash problems only with this game. I cant find any solution to fix crashes. Please if anyone has real solution to this problem help ... otherwise I cant recommend this game.
Multiplayer is bad but zombies is the best of all the CODs, but not worth the price
Game refuses to load after opening cutscene and requires CTRL ALT Delete to close. Steam refuses to acknolwedge I ever bought the game, so I can't even get a refund. Avoid this game at all costs.
I played this game 3 times on spaceland going for round 200 (freeze at 44,29, and 62}  what the â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ is thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game now, in 2016 it wasnt even this bad..pverall â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ u IW
Infinite Warfare Freeze all time when i start the game i update and installed it new  but nothig helped......
Good sci-fi story told very poorly. Not the best cod game, but it almost made it. But almost is not enough.Honestly, i can`t recommend it to anyone. But if you want to play one of the recent cods this game is definetely not the worst choice.
i bought thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥and the season pass played it for 14 hours thought I was loving it then I got off one night and never touched it again and I want a refund the â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing season pass was 60 bucks and I didn't even use it give me my money trash devs
In this masterpiece, you can actually hear sounds in space and you're even able to put suppressors on your gun while wondering around Pluto. The plot is just too weak like I don't even know what happened and why I fought and who I fought. I felt completely disconnected while playing the campaign. The only good thing was the mission where you almost die on Saturn (In reality the debris around the planet are moving so it should be impossible to stay around) that final cutscene was dope apart from that it was garbage. I only bought this game because I was forced in order to play the one and only irreplaceable Call of duty 4.
Press "" simulator.
The game looks good and the gameplay is smooth but It's so almost impossible to play online, i've been trying more than 30 minutes and it didn't connect me to a match
The game got alot of flak which was mostly deserved but however the campaign (when your not doing repetitive spaceship missions) is very good and the ending made me cry and i didnt really have an attachment to the game, however the multiplayer is just a very big embarrasment to the cod franchise which hasnt been well the past years anyway. Campaign-7/10 MP- 1/10
runs like absolute dog s**tcrashes when starting campaign, multiplayer, or even changing a graphics setting making the game unplayable
I regret this also I think I afkd about 10 of my hours. -34/7
After about 6 minutes this crashesEvery TimeAvoid
There's a reason why this has such terrible reviews. Couldn't even get through the starting custscene for zombies without it crashing, or changing graphical settings. Avoid like the plague, even if the content behind the crash is good.
Worst Cod ever. Standart useless guns with some "futuristic" effects.  WTF this should be future where are the phasers or atleast some autonomous drones? Just one robot that is more human than the other NPC's... Single Player Story? My god, what a cliche♥♥♥♥♥♥is that.
none of these are good
Garbage
80gb for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ no thenks
Ok. got this on sale and love some of the call of duty games to the bone. This game is pretty good, only the single player is defently not a replay game for me.It's beautyfull, got fast action, looks more like a long good movie than a game, I had a blast, that's it.Multiplayer not so good, still got cheaters, everything is way too fast.Zombies, not so good either, that's long gone... in ww2 mode it was special, now it's just silly...The remasterd version of modern warfare, now that's a cool feature... that's what's makes me happy.If only there was a reason they added to Infinity Warfare, I own the original, isn't it fair to give it those players instead?So 3 negative agains 1 positive, so overall it's no. It's a shame Activion! Why destroy a perfecty good game? Must be the money....
Horrible
garbage
can't play together.huge disappointment
This game is bad but not bad enough to be worthy of a review.
Wow got this for free...made my original review.. deleted.. Thought maybe I was to hasty.. def â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing not.. The few players that are left are complete â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥s or noobs.. No in between....The dumbest equipment ive ever seen in  a shooting game.. player finding drones and spider grenades... its bad enough people still use the â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ tactic of quick scoping...(and nope idgaf what your opinion is on it.. its not hard to do.. its â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t, and shouldnt be allowed on a sniper) But like my original statement this game isnt even worth it being â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing free.. Its utter garbage and most of the community that is left are a bunch of â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥s flat out...Bragging about killing noobs.. for real.. exactly why most of these shooters die quicker then they used to.. Between aimbots, modmenus, and quickscoping.... whats fun about it anymore.. If you need to use exploits to get ahead of people, or mod menus, (idc if you claim i only do it for fun â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ off)...Just kys... I mean why play.. I wouldnt â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing care so much, but they record everything now, they post the dumbâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥online... Its all rehashed â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t, and it blows.. This company producing and allowing such garbage needs to go bankrupt.. .But alas wont because of stupid little rich â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥s that buy everything they claim is triple A. Oh well... As I said do not play thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥. do not support this company in any manner.. The only ones that will defend them are the ones doing said above..Why cause they are garbageâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥players...
worst call of duty ever
The multiplayer is a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥how, I haven't been in a single game without anyone using wallhack.
I pity myself for buying it for 3â‚¬, as for unfortunates that bought it at full price... damn.Horrendous game, worst COD ever made, it's just baffling how so much money can't regurgitate into atleast a decent game.
It looked good, but it wasn't that good :(
Kind of a disappointment, Not completely terrible but not worth the time or money. 4/10
hey hey ho ho this game is♥♥♥♥♥
i bought it for like 60$ and i think i got addons or something for like 40 for all of them which is 100$ and i get a vac ban on zombies for using 1 mod! just 1!i was on local or whatever and playing alone and i can only play campaign i cant play zombies or multiplayer only campaign which i completed i cant even get a refund because of the vac ban which isnt fair cause i played alone and only used a mod on local so why and all i can say is dont use anything on it and this game SUCKS! i personally want to play with bots or zombies alone so if a developer this see's this i either want to play alone you atleast have like a small refund
This game is so bad, my mind forgot it existed in my library and now I can't get a refund. #Top10SaddestAnimeMoments
I like the garphics, i like the campeign kinda i like the feel of the game, what i hate is the fact that i spent a ton of money on a game that is dead and i cant play online and i may not get a refund beacause i have played over 2 hours i would ask my money back for the multiplayer and the zombies and all dlc because its meant to play with others and i cant but i cant do that because i have played the campeign for like 57 hours man i just want my money back never would have baught this if i knew its gonna be a dead game within the first 2 years of releasing
Lol 10 minutes in and i went full circle in COD stereo types. I alt-F4'd after they said we are oscar mike after blowing up a robot.
This game is poorly optimized, frequently crashing, freezes and have to reboot my pc cause of that. I'm getting good fps (64- 83 depends what map i'm playing) but low frametime (stutters) even i lower the settings and my resolution to the lowest point. And worst if i'm on the zombie lobby everytime when the game starting to 0 just immediately crashed.I'm sorry but it was a horrible port.GPU: 1050 tiCPU: FX 4300MEMORY: 8GB DDR3 1600
♥♥♥♥ing activision!since cod  5 u made only mistakes.p2p over dedicated servers, consoles over pc, micro transactions & grinding over complete games.a uniquely negative experience ! and i'm not even taling about dead cod 4 remastered. screw u guys! i'm going home.
Not working
Overall was a horrible experiance, being a master prest. in many COD releases.
Geschenkt wäre noch zu teuer für diesen Schrotthaufen von Softwaremüll. Das Mistgame stürzt ständig ab, spielen selten möglich. Unzumutbare Ladezeiten. Finger weg, selbst im Sale sollte man hier nicht zugreifen!Wenn es denn mal läuft findet man nur Cheater, gibt auch kein Anticheat oder sowas. Game fühlt sich an wie ein Early Access oder Beta Release.
At least the campaign was better than Black Ops 3 in my opinion
Crashes after 5 mins or with every adjustment made to graphical settings. Uninstalled this waste of hard drive space (over 70gb download). I regret even paying £2 for this.
Can't even get the first mission to work. Horrid game.
It could be better if it was not like BO3, its basically a copy!
everytime crashes and freezes
91 FPS CAP AHHAAHHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAH PLAYED FOR 3 MINUTES AND I DELETED GAME :D
Just ♥♥♥♥ing stop
I shalll keep this short as I do not have much to saw about this game. The campaign was all I managed to play as to even get the game to load anything past the main menu I had to uninstall my anti-virus. I managed to rush through the campaign in one day and it was quite a waste of money. I requested a refund due to the issue with anti-virus but will likely not recieve my sixty dollaars back. All in all... do not waste your time on this game if you wish to have a protected computer.
Awful, awful port. Crashed within minutes of first playing when I changed a setting in options.Then ingame at 1080p, medium textures and fancy♥♥♥♥♥♥turned off, it was constant stutters and frame drops. Anytime a cool action sequence was happening the frame rate was all over the place. Drops all the way down to 40 at times! This is with a i7 4770, gtx 1060 6gb and 16gb ram.No wonder there is no recommended specs for this game. They are probably so high that activison would lose sales by reveling them.
should've released Ghosts II than this.
call of duty multiplayer error!
Thats a bloody joke, it froze 3 times when I first opened it, I waited 0,5 h for first lvl to load.
I got his on sale for $25 and i feel like I overpaid by $15.  The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥the game is buggy for no reason at all in the space battles.If you like losing for no logical reason at all much like telltales game of throne series you will enjoy this game.  You constantly lose for reasons that make no sense and are never explained.  In some cases are impossible to even happen but do because the plot is written like a 6th grader came up with itI don't play multiplayer so can't comment on that.
Infinite loading screensInfinite memory errors crashesInfinite DirectX crashes to desktopInfinite Rebooting PC crashesThe game is so f*cking broken it has a failsafe mode. Indeed, when you relaunch IW after experiencing a crash, you will be asked if you want to launch it on failsafe mode. Never seen that in any game before. It's a shame because the campaign is very good if you are in the sci-fi genre.IW has very polished (when they don't crash) space dogfight, a solid gunfight gameplay, an interesting story line and good characters. It sometimes reminds me of Wing Commander. I will not talk about the multiplayer mode because I don't care about it.Do I recommend the game only for the campaign ? I will say yes if you buy it on sale  and can bear the random crashes. Note that fortunatly, IW have a very well done check point system wich often save your time when returning in the game after crashing in the middle of a mission.Is it a Call of Duty ? Absolutly not and if I was Activision I should have created a new IP like EA did with Titanfall. They miss an opportunity here.
I bought this game on sale after getting into The Expanse series and wanted a somewhat similar experience in a game. All  was well until Operation Burn Water, but feel free to read that as Bum Water for how♥♥♥♥♥♥Infinity Ward (in name only)  is at supporting their PC releases. In said mission, there is a GAME BREAKING bug that prevents further progress through the campaign. There is no easy fix. If you're lucky, you can mess around with your settings until the stars align and the fates decide you have suffered enough, they will grant you salvation. If not, your best bet is to get good anti-virus software and download a completed campaign save file. This bug still hasn't been patched 2 YEARS after release, nor should it have been released in this state. It should have been pulled from Steam until the issue was patched. But that's Steam's quality control for you.
Same move to cover to hide from the red jello on your screen with non-unique gunplay. Servers are completely empty as of 2018, and even for getting this game for free I wish I got my money back.
Absolutely broken port of Infinite Warfare, I purchased this game for the steam summer sale along with the season pass, and I only downloaded the zombies mode since thats what I bought this for, and it turns out that it crashes if you don't have Campaign and Multiplayer installed as well. Why is it an option to install only the zombies mode if its just gonna crash anyway if you dont have it installed? Its ridiculous, and is a shame since i was looking forward to playing zombies again. Avoid this at all costs.
this game is really losing its great and attractive gameplay and maps ...
in pc this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing badly optimized and the game is too futuristic anyway..
This gave me an exo depression
waste of money, not optimize for pc, not fun at all. worst cod ever made
Update@21/08/2018I still stand by my decision. By far THE WORST CoD i have EVER played, for multiplayer. (Single Player is ranked highest in my books, along with Titanfall 2). And this would be THE LAST Game from these morons i would ever buy for multiplayer.- The worst hit reg ever in the history of cod. If you have slightly higher ping, you are GREATLY outgunned by the competition.- Ping is presented by just 'bars'. The POS who designed this thing and thought it was a good idea.- Can't even see how many active players are online. I have never once been able to play a game other than TDM. And i have absolutely no way to check how may active players are online at that specific moment.- In wake of 'balancing' the game, they have ruined the balancing system all together. So many matches are against "Master Presteige" and "Normal" people. Team balancing is a tremendous flaw, where several of matches are against 2 vs 6, and the game would never even try to balance the teams. (Can't even switch manually).- Shotguns need 2 shots to kill even on point freakin' blank range. Many SMGs are just useless, along with many Assault Rifles.- Riddles with cheaters. Reporting system doesn't work. And if a cheater is caught, we can't vote to kick it out.- Kill Streaks are so useless, that it's not even funny.- Small maps are just ridiculous, and 6-8 players per team is even more so. I'm more interested in a Battlefield game now because there is so much to do in the game.And there is SO MUCH MORE i could write on this, but this doesn't change the fact that despite the hardwork put in other aspects of this game, multiplayer has been designed and managed by a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who don't understand what a 'shooter' game is supposed to be. "Infinite Warfare", with so much advanced tech, and shotguns need multiple shots to kill. This should have been other way around, with each and every weapon drastically overpowered, That's how "Advance Weaponry" should be./endrant____________________________________By far THE WORST EVER Call of Duty game when it comes to Multiplayer. All these years, and developers have STILL been unable to fix the biggest challange in multiplayer i.e. Bullet Lag, and Hit Reg. Learn something from Titanfall 2 devs. Wasted my money. Bought this game for Multiplayer ONLY.
I'm not saying that the game doesn't cost anything, the game doesn't worth it's money
Since the game's release while having the season pass I've played DLC maps 5 times. At least Modern Warfare Remastered was worth it.......oh wait.
Yeah, cool normal gravity gameplay, you can ride a cool space fighter, cool zero gravity gameplay, pretty good storyDownside: need too high specs (yeah, can't call that downside), 100GB storage, story is too short and too linear, it have a potential to create multiple ending because it have side mission but it doesn't14 hours gameplay: 9 hours on story, 1 extra hour searching for alternative ending, 2 hours on loading screen, 2 hours on suxx multiplayerCould have done better/10
Graphics are good but not worth the money even if it was on sale.
Here is a nice checklist for IWGraphics☐ Breathtaking☐ Beautiful☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Hurts your eyes☑ MicroSoft PaintGameplay☐ Addictive☐ Immersive☐ Enjoyable☐ Mediocre☐ Bareable☐ Watch paint dry instead☑ Worse than deathAudio☐ Spot on☐ Very good☐ Good☐ Not bad☐ Bad☑ EarrapePlayerbase☑ Kids☐ Teens☐ AdultsPC Requirements☐ C64☐ Dishwasher☐ Average office computer/laptop☐ Decent☐ Fast☐ Faster than Sanic☑ NASA technology (minimal)Difficulity☑ For babies☐ Easy☐ Easy to learn, hard to master☐ Challanging☐ Very Difficult☐ Cuphead on Expert☐ Dark SoulsGrind☐ Nothing to grind☐ Not necessary to progress☐ Average☐ Too much grinding☐ Hire someone to grind for you☑ Hack insteadStory☐ None☑ Basic☐ Mediocre☐ Good☐ Immersive☐ Masterpiece☐ Better that any otherGame Time☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☑ Endless (unforchantly)Loading Times☐ No loading☐ Fast loading☐ Bareable loading times ☐ Obnoxious☑ You could jog 70 miles and back and it is still loadingPrice☐ Free☐ Worth the price☐ Wait for a sale☐ Don't buy☑ Burn your moneyBugs☐ Flawless☐ Minor bugs☐ Can be annoying☐ Unfinished☐ Literally unplayable☑ What the f*ckServers☐ 0 Latency☐ Good☐ Average☐ Bad☐ Godawful☑ None dedicatedMatchmaking☐ Takes a second☐ Good☐ Average☐ Bad☐ Terrible☑ Takes EnternitiesMenu Interface☐ Simple and Convinient☐ Good☐ Average☐ Bad☐ Messy☑ ConfusingAlltogether a 3 / 10 just because of zombies is the only expiriance i still play to this day
Zombies was great. Supposedly campaign was too. Unfortuantly an update was passed that killed optimization. I used to run it fine, now it crashes mid game. Can't reccomend. Thanks devs.
over 20 minutes of loading screens, 2 crashes, buggy audio and stuttering cutscenes. I never even got into the gameplay.
Worst game I have ever tried to Play!! It either Freezes or is stuck on the Loading Screen! I had done more reading on this Game alone then any past games, I have pretty much I think tried all the Fixes WTF! Activision
Terrible game. Its so bad that I've only played 5 hours. They seriously neglect the pc versions of their games so please for the love of god don't buy this game. Ive given up hope for call of duty. Im never gonna buy their games again.
um its bad. Just bad. dont even
Aim assist is killing PC games.
PURE♥♥♥♥♥♥shit!
Found the game for cheap, about £2, so decided to pick it up, despite the bad things i'd heard, it couldn't be that bad, right?Wrong. Although the graphics look pretty great, the rest of the game isn't. The story mode is uninteresting and repititve, controls for the spaceship flying mechanic are pretty bad, and the characters are forgettable. I couldn't play more than a few missions before i was completely bored. Zombies mode, a staple of Call Of Duty, difficult to get wrong, but they managed it. had lots of new features but they felt mostly tacked on, and the level design was uninspired. The introduction video for the zombies mode felt like something from Cartoon Network, very out of place in a PEGI 18 game.
10 min loading -> crash    10 min loading -> crash Thats all about Infinite Warfare
The campaign is great and so are the graphics but the multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ing dead.
This game is full of cheaters, and they are not punished for cheating. I wouldnt recomment anyone buying this game.
( Disable AntiVirus if you want to play or Whitelist the game folder , ( black background fix ) If this game did not have OP Variants from SDs then it would be fine if you liked this type of COD.
Such a scuffed game, can't even play it. Keeps freezing and crashing, haven't managed to even get into 1 game...
Just downloaded 46.5 GB of content, during 2 weeks of slow♥♥♥♥♥internet connection, for the zombies. (did not install the full game because that was clearly an option).When I click on the zombies part in the menu, it sends me out of the game with a fatal error. "The content package is no longer available". Well, this damn content package is on my pc so....I don't want to install 50GB more of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ campaign and multiplayer to make my zombie work. So, waste of money, big waste of time.Call of duty is dead, don't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
I highly recommend this game to cheaters. There are no moderators for this game. This game is one of the least secure CoD titles in the history of the franchise. Cheaters: This game is your paradise. People can report you non-stop for weeks and weeks on end, and nothing will ever happen. Enjoy
Fun on it's own, but just a reskin of Black Ops 3. I mean, literally, this is Black Ops 3 : 2, I have no idea how this got released to the public5.5/10
I can't comment for the multiplayer aspect of the game as I've not tried it out yet.As for the campaign, I noticed a lot of lazy graphics. That is, repeated background NPCs, in fact, the background NPCs seem to have conversations where their mouths move but there isn't actually any dialogue/audio. Obviously doesn't feel like a COD game at all asits all futuristic and space-like. I feel they tried to copy the successful aspects from the Mass Effect series but the outcome was below par.The Campaign storyline wasn't at all interesting for myself, It felt like a generic 'stop the bad guy' plot. However, I did like the fact that you can decide the order of play for the side missions. Almost forgot to mention the nazi zombies. I've played the first 'spaceland' zombie map and it is actually very good. Overall, I think the developers were just in it for the $$, please don't make another future themed COD. If anything, make a dedicated nazi zombies game or something interesting like taking out kim-jeung or something.I paid £5.99 for the game which I think is probably a fair price. I feel sorry for anybody who paid more than £20.
listen i have played this game a bit and my little brother in my opinion its a waist of money the game sucks its too future like and its just plain boring so kids just save your money and wait for the new black ops 4 or get cod ww2
Sh@t game, played 26 hours when i baught the game in 2016, after about 3 months or so up until today havent gotten a single online multiplayer match. have been sitting the lobbies waiting and waiting and waiting but nothing. Honestly, best waste of R1000 i ever spent, and i wil not buy any new COD games.
Would be nice to actually play it. It constantly cashes even after reinstalling and validiting and running in safe mode.
no multiplayer,its just terrible
First off, the only reason i got this was because it was only $10 more for this and MWR as a bundle than getting MWR seperately. I had pretty low expectations. Its 100+gb so it takes an eternity to download if you have slow wifi. Next it is super touchy for me and more than half the times i try to play, it dosent work. You have to disable avg if you have it for it to work. And even if you do it still often gives me the black screen at the menu and when it doesnt it will most likely just crash. The gameplay isnt awful, but its not my style. Also im a bit bummed that the only way i can get rust is by paying for the season pass.
horrible game dont ecooemnd it
Probably the worst game from the series, especially when it comes to the multiplayer. Do not even consider buying it for the full price.The single-player mode tries to be a Hollywood movie again and that's fine, but it doesn't really feel like CoD, except maybe for the final 2 main missions.Graphic's okay, but it's nothing spectacular, the cutscenes look very nice, but I could easily notice some low-quality textures here and there during gameplay.The only change I appreciate is an attempt to give the player some freedom, giving the optional missions in an order the player can choose.I do not recommend the game overall.Also the single- and multi-player modes are now integrated in one .exe,so you must download both,that's over 70 GB of data.
In short, save your money and buy a game from a developer that actually deserves it. This game when it initially came out was a great game. Since then it's gone substantially down hill from there. The mutliplayer is rendered unusable by people that use after market mods, hacks and other 3rd party software such as aim bots, mods that allow them to exploit the environemnt, shoot through walls, etc. When you "Report Player", nothing happens. It's almost like the dev's have completely abandoned the game and do nothing to secure it against those items previously mentioned. If that's not enough, you get automated spam from Activision or Infinity Ward asking for your feedback asking if you enjoyed the previous match. I just got my ____ handed to me by someone whose 50k - 0d.... You tell me. Bottom line, please don't do it.
Downloaded 80GB big game and yeah i was a bit excited because i wasn't sure what to expect and i wasn't watching much COD IW gameplay so i was open for something new. Started the game and went directly into zombies after few minutes watching "trailer" it stopped and crashed, then started game again went into MP and it crashed, started again and went into SP and it got stuck at loading... finally got it to work (not PC related bug) and i was amazed. What is this? Am i playing star wars? Because only thing relating to COD was logo and some COD only messages. Who had this "great" idea to make it like this and no i'm not talking about advanced movement lol. I enjoy every COD SP i have played (almost all of them) but this is terrible... It's like taking a racing game and making it puzzle game. It also looks like it has lost all great COD moments. If i paid full price i would be really mad, well i'm mad anyway and i only paid 8$ for this... Won't even waste words explaining more.
[\s][\h][\i][\t]
ugh
I bought this game a time ago I start it and I can’t play it I delete it and install it again I can play it for like a day and then it doesn’t work again so I give up
The best game I’ve ever played 10/10
Haven't given this game enought time to write a proper conclusive review, and probably never will. This game reminds me of Elite: Dangerous without the ability to change your ship, only its loadout, and going out into space on the same boring expeditions to either destryo ships or engage in dogfights repetitively, with the occassional story mission thrown in for good measure. I shall come back to this review when I have played it more, but from first impressions I'd call it mediocre. 4/10
♥♥♥♥♥
This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥even doesnt let me to play this.
Cant even play multiplayer.
A call of duty game like all the others, with it's only redeming features being the campaign & zombies.
a super tight game -_- dont feels good
The arrow key bug still there !
I bought this solely for zombie coop. Zombie reviewPro.Huge mapsBeautiful, highly detailed maps.Lots of things to do in each maps.Cons.Pretentious futuristic weapon.Cannot 'train' zombies anymore.Always out of ammo.Bullet sponge bosses.Boring actions.(melee for few early rounds in rave. no skill)Extremely tedious easter eggs.Ugly character.Non serious theme.Change the perk name.No wonder weapon in mystery box.This by far has the worst coop experience in COD. MW3 survival is even better.
♥♥♥♥♥GAME RAWR XD                not
Call of duty: Infinite hackersMultiplayer is ruined because of hackers, coz devs think "nah, ♥♥♥♥ the anti-cheat syst, why should we care 'bout some PC scrub? We have to release this game on pc, just to make activision happy that game is avaliable on 3 platforms".Campaign is good, but ending mission just will make you feel "WTF ARE YOU DOING GUYS????? GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING SHIP TO YOUR BASE, DON'T GO ON SUICIDE MISSION, IDIOTS", that makes entire plot look stupid, sadlyZombies are great, the only thing Infinity ward didn't ♥♥♥♥ up at any pointStill, zombies and almost good campaign doesn't cost 60 euros, maybe 19.99 with all dlc's on sale will worth it (btw I am not sure)
BIG♥♥♥♥♥
nope, campian is dumb. Mutiplay had its chance, but failed (cheaters). Zombies, is good...? its not the best tho. save your money for MW2.
F
COD: IW has one big thing going for it: It has a great movement system, that allows you to move with ease and in unexpected shortcuts around the levels. It would have been an amazing game, if it had received the same amount of care that for example Ubisoft put into Rainbow Six: Siege or The Division.As it is, however, the game suffers from stutters that get worse the longer you play (probably some kind of a memory leak). These stutters prevent you from reacting quickly and aiming correctly. The only solution I found is to restart the game, which provides a short respite before the stutters start again.It also suffers from cheaters. I know this is a neverending war between anticheat and cheat developers, but it looks like here the devs have given up.It would have been a great game. But it isn't. The yearly COD cycle simply doesn't lend itself to fundamental post-release support.Pity.
would be nice to actually pay the game i spent money on
nope
Don't waste your money on this garbage, it's just a Black Ops 3 ripoff. Buy Black Ops 3 instead
ugly systemUGLY
this game has been out for quite a while on PC and it still doesn't load and run right. Pathetic. I am deleting.
if it runs like crap, looks like crap, and feels like crap its probably crap
worst game ever, its like they arnt even trying anymore,
So when is this game supposed to NOT freeze at every turn.Even dialing it down to it's lowest settings it seems to have no bearing. This has solidified that this will be the last title I will ever purchase of the CoD line or from the Infinity Ward developer.
Disgrace to the 'Call of Duty' franchise
infinity ward what the hell is this game
If you are looking for a fair, balanced and skilldriven game then you are denfinitly wrong here. This game gives players, which played the game for a longer time or spent enough money a huge advantage through thier supply drop (basically loot boxes) system. So if you are new and join into a game you will be cannon fooder, you will be relentlessly moad down by imensly overpowered weapons. At this point i dont even want to start talking about how people actually play the game, cause most people will just play like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The time i played this game it was quite obvious that this game was desingend for a target group of 12-year olds which need to feel good by playing some overpowered♥♥♥♥♥♥and then writting "EZ" in the chat or "mad cuz bad" if you remind them that they are just arrogant ♥♥♥♥♥ on the internet.Also this game has quite a lot of cheaters at this point of time.In conclusion: Dont buy this game, you will meet the absolute scum of the gaming community.
I actually agree with people about how awful this game truly is. The campaign is just a stupid mess of random ideas and political crap that literally no one asked for, I remember when this game was revealed with a youtube trailer and it became one of the most downvoted videos ever. It also forced you to buy this if you wanted access to call of duty modern warfare remastered. (this was changed later on but took forever) I don't even think I can recommend this when it's heavily discounted, you can find something better to play or something else to do with your time.
Requires a virgin sacrifice to even get to play anymore. Searching the web for an issue doesn't help. Obviously support is no where to be found.
Never buy this game cause this game is dead. I waste my 1300 rupess.
You know this game isn't as bad as people say it is in general. But it's definitely not worth $60. Get it on a Call of Duty sale week.
yes
Bought a boxed copy for 4€, so i can't complain much.The single player looks great with nice graphics & same for zombie mode. The multiplayer might be dead or cheaters infested but idc since i will not play it.The two main problems are that the game lock the framerate at 125hz max & there is problems with strafing movements, it feels delayed or lagged almost all the time & it's pretty much a game breaker.Terrible optimization once again.So for that price that's pretty mint xD but still can't recommand because of the framerate & strafing issues.
So, it may not look like I've got much time in this game, and actually I have less. All the time you see in my log as of 3-16-2018 is loading screens. "Loading screens? You mean you've not ever played the game?"Nope. I got ten minutes of doing something with shaders, and then a five-minute, unskipable cutscene, and then five minutes of the first mission loading...then a crash. This has happened twice now and I really can't be bothered to look into this further, given that this game is now almost two years old and should just  on installation. I've cleared every other COD to date, with the exception of  so this isn't a matter of my hardware not being up to snuff; this is a matter of, once again, Infinity Ward turning in an inferior product. After the mess that was the  series and the at best lackluster  I suspect I wouldn't have enjoyed this game either, but it would've been nice if I'd at least gotten to play it. Stay away is all I can tell you at this point.
Hey kids, wanna play COD 4 remastared below the sale price, even better than the on Sale price?  .com/pc/games/call-of-duty-infinite-warfare-digital-legacy-edition-pc-steamBoom(Oh it also comes with Infinite Warfare, but who cares?)
there is many problems with this game it works when it whant's, the most of the time when i want to play with this game tjhere is a problem, and with the last update it's finish i can't play anymore, so never buy this game!
worst call of duty games ever !!
Sucks!
so i have an AMD gpu its a 480 8gb and it won't ♥♥♥♥ing run for♥♥♥♥♥♥i did everything i could and i haven't been bale to starrt even the first mission like seriously wtf
Not the worst game i have played, but for the price this is a total rip off. The campaign last about 4-5hours. The multiplayer waiting time takes forever. The zombie multiplayer maps you wait ages for to find a online game.  Then they want you to buy the dlcs? what a joke. if they made all the dlcs free then i would recomend buying this at a sale.  I spend 80% of the time flying around in space wheres the COD shooting with rifles? if you like haning out in space with a jackal then sure its fun the first 2 missions. The game had a really boring ending, SPOILER ----- they all died.
This was my least favorite COD ever. These days I only play the campaigns, so I can't comment on the multiplayer.The campaign gameplay just felt off. Controls felt laggy, and there just wasn't that much gameplay. It felt like around 50% cutscenes / scenes where you could look but not move / scenes where you could walk but not run or shoot.I was really excited by the opening level with the cool scifi stuff happening, but the campaign was a letdown after that.
Dead player base, thats all folks
I would rather buy win-rar at this point.
Definently not worth the $60 display price.This campaign has been created, in my opinion, as a showcase of the current capabilities of the game engine, and as a benchmarking game. The campaign is ridiculously short (I play slower so I can look around and take in the view), I completed it in around 6 hours.Teh campaign feels like its a campaign you start up at a convention in a gaming booth to show the capabilities of the hardware. So you can have many people picking it up and putting it down after giving it a go.The multiplayer (im in Australia and tried during different times) is dead. The only time I managed to get into a multiplayetr game is when a group of mates start a lobby. I havnt played a zombies since World At War, but it did leave a few memorable moments of: hearing a mate tell us to start running, looking back at him and seeing this big bastard chasing after them.If you can get this for less then $20, have a likeing for Sci-Fi, sure give it a go. But you dont really get your bang for your buck.
badNo no no noMoneyW!!!W!!No cash,no gameflowerQ
I own this game on two platforms, orignally owned on xbox but, for a more competive experience I hoped to play it on PC.  I was utterly dissapointed with the game for several reasons.  1. I could not find legitmate lobby for more than 15 minutes. 2. The game crashes quite often. 3.  The sound gets buggy or often doesnt work.  4. When I do get to play the game is quite buggy.  I honestly hoped for better.
Meh the story is boring like everyone dies like tf? The zombies is ok but would be nice  that i don't have to pay more for the dlc maps but is the new cod. Profit is greater than happiness for them sadly. Multiplayer is not that dead but the hackers full toggle. Aimbot, walls, and some other hacks. I say it's not worth it so don't waste your money like it's a ok game but it was not made well at all.
Started the game up. Did a little bit of a campaiogn and then settled in to play multiplayer. 2 hours later.....it still hasn't found a game. For me, this game has been a waste of money as I only buy the games for multiplayer. (and yes, I have done some troubleshooting). Looks great from what i have seen on you tube but pointless if you cant even connect to a server.
Another shooter of the Call of Duty franchise, what would I expect.Me and a few friends bought it really early after release. We mostly bought it because of the remastered version of Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare. Regardless of that we also wanted to try Infinite Warfare, which ended up actually being more fun than Modern Warfare Remastered (more about that in my MWR review).First of all, you have to download the whole game of 100GB to play the multiplayer, which basically everyone bought the game for. To be fair the 17 hours I played were quite a lot of fun, but after them me and my friends lost track of the game. About a week or two ago I was really feeling the game so I went to download it again only to find out it has 600 active users after 1 year. The game is definitely not worth it's money.
I wanted to like this game but I'm what, 3.3 hours in and I'm bored as hell.  I'm not a sci-fi fan but figured, it's COD so I'll give it a shot.  The concept feels like a Grounhog's Day from HELL that just never ends so let's just sat that I haven't even played it for months and am uninstalling it now.  Don't waste your money on this like I did!
many issues across the board
Bought this game to put a negative feedback :\
Not worth for 50$ the campaign was litterally 5 hours. Even a f#cking minecraft adventure map lasts longer.
Even after 2 years this game is a buggy, annoying piece ofâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥  Can't even play through singleplayer for 15 minutes without the game crashing or freezing.
Campaign is good, but lets be honest you won't be replaying it after the 5th time like me.Time to kill is way too fast, shotguns and MELEES dominate. The TTK for the Type 2 is literally .8 seconds. When has there been a COD game where shotguns and melees dominate? Maybe BO3 with the Brecci but that's only one shotgun. Every shotgun in this game is good, even if you haveâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥aim. Multiplayer is so cancer I can't stand it anymore. â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ multiplayer. â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ everyone that uses a shotgun or melee.There is so much effort put into this game and its sad to see it all be thrown away with the horrible design choices over at Infinity Ward. I haven't played Black Ops 3 on PC, but on PS4 it was way more casual and less cancer, since the time to kill wasn't literally .8 seconds.
Do not like this game compared to the earlier games. The last one I played a lot was Modern Warfare 2.I did like the single-player campaign a lot to be honest. That part was great. The online gameplay sucks compared to the other games.If you're getting this game for the multiplayer, don't. Unless you like getting stomped hard by people who play this game religiously.
Game absolutely sucks. tis the game that ruined call of duty in my opinion...pros: Singleplayer is ok, graphics are ok with little bugs, shader building takes forever in the beginning of game even with a decent ssd and 1080ti oc. cons: the game is junk other than the pros (way too much to list) I am not a multiplayer fps gamer anymore) Getting tired of buying crates and other crap to feed greedy little hands of corporate scum... need I say more?
I have nothing but minutes played on this game. Apart from the fact that my PC specs are more than capable to play this game, the game freezes every 30 seconds. These freezes require me to open up the task manager and shut it down manually. These freezes never end until I manually shut the game down. Very, VERY annoying. Every button I click I fear the game will freeze. I looked up on the issue, and it seems quite a lot of people have experienced this. I didn't even get to play the campaign and zombies, cause that's what I bought the game for. Freezes and crashes stop me before I get there. Call of Duty's used to run perfectly. Now you're lucky if it doesn't crash in over a minute. Unbelievable.
LOL GET REKT YOU NOOB THAT LIVES IN HIS MOTHERS BASEMENT I PLAY REAL GAMES LIKE COD IW BECAUSE IM A PRO AT THIS GAME I DONT HAVE A JOB A WOMAN OF A LIFE ALL DAY CODbut for real this is 90 precent of the users
Garbage.
ez
i hated the fact that call of duty went to space but i thought idc. so when i played AW i enjoyed it and BO3 too.but this call of duty is ♥♥♥♥ing worse than those 2. the game is pay to win too and only nolifers in the multiplayer matches.i recommend to buy bo3 instead of IW because BO3 is more fun then IW
Zombies was actually pretty tight but thats all that was good on this CoD
You really shouldn't play this game, ever, it is so horrible.
do not buy this crappy♥♥♥♥♥game you wont be able to play online and when you do if you do it will be infected with hackers by the way keep in mind that if you play for 2 hrs you wont get a refund wheter game works or not steam policy so save yourself the trouble
gey connæction
some canadian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ bought it with my money im mad
Multiplayer is terrible, campaign is just another campaign but without any connection to the player, BUT the zombies is sooooo much fun, the mechanics, the guns, the level design is just crisp and works so well for a CoD zombies! But this game is too expensive for little quailtiy gameplay.
Activision ain't banning the cheaters because then the game would have under 100 players lmao
Need I really say anything? The game kinda already speaks for itself.
Triple A game (This rating is only for Spaceland Zombies) Co-op zombie game, good gameplay great graphic, nice old school soundtrack. when do we spilt normal cod from zombies i dont like the pvp multiplayer part i dont want too pay full price for only one zombie map and i dont want to fill my pc space up with at least 50 gb(game is 100gb )♥♥♥♥♥♥im not attend too use. Its hard to get friends use so many money for only one map. and you only want friends to join cause random players ruin the game. Then we got the new weekly quest thing i just think is stupid. I make both first day and then i have to wait a week too play again to get new quest items, what about one daily and one weekly?! its hard for me too jugde the game cause its a good game but i feel the provider trick us to buy and pay for more then what we want, let me buy only zombies so i can afford too buy more maps instead of only buying season pass for millions cause of pvp multiplayer i dont want too play. i wish developer read my complains but i guess they dont listen too regular players only to their money maker advicesors.
Officially dead since the release of WWII, Lower the price to $1.99 and maybe Its worth it. Go buy WWII instead
Sucks
fu.cking stupi.d game, is so hard to find players for play and i cant find/enter on servers from another region.
Dead MP
Only got this for Modern Warfare Remastered
RIP funds
lol
First of all, There are SO MANY BUGS, I actually wanted a Refund Due to How bad the Game lag was, Even for a High-end PC Like Mine, First of all, the Campaign is Bugged so it is Pratically Unplayable, second of all, Zombies Litterally CRASHES On the Cinimatic BEFORE THE MATCH EVEN GODDAMN STARTS. Which is Honestly... Showing a Really Bad Reputation twards Infinity Ward as a Whole, The sad Part is, It honestly Looks Like all of these trailers were made On XBOX 1 Or PS4, Which To Mee Looks to be them Hiding How TERRIBLELY BROKEN this game is... Its Just way too Overhyped for what the game was worth, For How Broken it is... I would rather pay 5-10 Dollars No DLC Than ♥♥♥♥ing... I dont Know Maybe 40-60 Bucks?! With DLC You have to Pay additional For?! That right there My friend, is Greed for such a Terrible game.
Why is this game still £40?This right here is why I got it from♥♥♥♥♥for £15, 2 weeks after release...
bad
( I got this for free weekend ) Overall, the game is good... kinda. Of course it has some flaws, but lets list all pros and cons.Pros:The game is fun as hitting people with baseball bats! I enjoyed running around and killing people with the cool guns. Which leads me to my next point.The weapons look AMAZING! I love how awesome the guns looked. That is pretty much it for the pros. Lets list some cons!Cons: The multiplayer is pretty DULL! I know I said that " I enjoyed running around and killing people with the cool guns" but it got old fast.THE GAME RIPPED OFF WALLRUNNING FROM TITANFALL AND TITANFALL 2! I was SO MAD when I saw they had copied and pasted the wallrun from Titanfall and just made it slower.Last but not least, there is is always a player with a better, more OP gun than you. The game should be based on skill, not fire power.And there you have it, the semi relevant review from me. Youtubers have covered more about this game so go check them out. If you like it, don't get mad at me. Don't get it unless you're a fan. Your're welcome.
This game simmers down to if you dont choose a fast bouncy class then you lose. If you don't use flavor of the month gun that they buffed you lose. I'm so done with COD.
I knew what i was getting when i bought COD. Story is great! multiplayer is COD people, just like all the rest so you buy this knowing thats what your getting. I wouldnt reccomend it at 60$USD, it is kinda messed up they still charge full price for games like 10 years old so if it was on sale for 25-30 bucks id buy it for campaign.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game not fun.
I I spended 20 EU and I can not play. I have to pay some extra to play. bull♥♥♥♥♥♥
The only reason I purchased this Call of Duty was becaused it released just after I built my gaming PC. I foolishly ignored the reviews that clearly stated DO NOT BUY this game. I went ahead and paid 60 bucks for it, let me state plainly from what I remember of this fuming pile of garbage.1) Most of the campaign were these space fighting laser jet missions.2) Very few missions you are actually holding a gun, breaching a door or shooting an actual human.3) The story line is very weak and Jon Snow was an uncompelling villan to say the least.4) Online play is even worse there is almost nobody in the lobby.I personally will not EVER buy another Call of Duty game again until has it mostly positive reviews. COD WW2 looked good at the start but has already been blasted to shredds by reviewers so I won't be taking any chances there. Lets hope for 2018 treyarch serves something worth paying for.
No. Just no.
garbo
A full disapointment...There are so many things wrong with this game that I don't know what to start with.The gameplay is basically identical to any other Call of Duty game. I mean, literally, it's the same. It's honestly a disgrace that they are still using the same engine than COD 2.... So more than 12 years old... The animations are dull, you have the feeling that you are gliding on the ground. I know, it's COD, but I hoped for better in 2016.The graphics are on the medium low side. It's basically ok, but way below the industry standards in 2016/2017. For instance, compare this one and BF1 or Battlefront 2, it's a universe between them. The textures are poor andthe FX are somehow worse than in Black Ops 3 (whic I found quite nice).The level design is also poor. It's still a tunnel shooter. The solo campaign is the worst I played. I got quickly bored, no mission feels epic. The idea of mixing space battles and ground ones is a nice concept but poorly implemented in the game. The damage balance is also maybe the worst I've seen in a COD game. I mean, you need to empty half your clip to kill a guy, while on the other hand, the ennemy is a ♥♥♥♥ing sniper, and you are dead with 2 to 3 bullets. As a result, you don't have this nice feeling when you empty a room with well placed shots like a badass spec op operator. Not here sir. HJere, you need to be Rambo and keep your finger on the trigger for 15 rounds per ennemy...The multi was however quite nice, but sadly enough, you won't find a lot of people playing nowadays. Ah, also, don't make the same mistake than me, don't bother taking the season pass. No one is playing those maps so you won't be able to enjoy them.If you look for a good COD, I would recommend to play Black Ops 3. Better campaign, better graphics, better multi.This Infinite Warfare is just to forget as an epic fail.
Memes
Movement still broken after months, no Patch or anything, cant play this game like this.
Game crashes on start up "DirectX encountered an unrecoverable error" and have tried all the suggestions to resolve this(verify integrity cache, updated my drivers, win10 settings etc etc) but it still doesn't work.
One of the best cinematic single players among all COD games, sadly MP is dead!
Cancer
EHHHhhh, i only played to max out in multiplayer which i do for all my multiplayer games... the grind sucked lmao.
constant crashes. game is unusable
Terrible port, played on ps4 with no issues. Cant play this version without disabling my firewall, checked steam discussions and this is a well known and long standing issue. Bug fixes are for silly things while issues with the game itself seem to be above the studio's understanding.
Utter rubbish, worst call of duty ever, followed closely by "Ghosts" and "Advanced Warfare". The cheaters didn't help either.
Black Ops 3 is a lot better game in everything and has more players.
Nice graphic but cant play mp in asia
oof
>Be me, average CoD player>Launch CoD:IW>Play through the campaign, solid 7.5/10>Decide to play more>Load into a multiplayer session>First multiplayer match>Instantly someone on the other team starts hacking>kek.aviIt's what I get for buying this game.
The campaign is nice, if u are bored and have nothing else and no money for a better game.
Bad game if you want play all zombies maps you need buy season pass
One hell of a dip for Call of Duty and it's fans.
Not able to end campaing i tryed almost every option i found while surfing NET and nothing worked PLEASE REPAIRE CUZ THAT CAMPAING IS AMAZING. Operation Burning Water if i remember well i should get back controls over my ship and nothing ... The whole gameplay is preaty good multiplayer,zombie but i would LOVE to finish campaing... I bough the game leagaly i have the box and evetrything so it SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Zombie review :You cant play it cuz there are no players in it, and you get only one map... (i bought the bundle with modern warfare remastered and i didnt got anything more ) . So , if you like staying in a lobby screen for 2h to play a  game for 15 minutes this is for youStory review :Nothing like cod used to be , i cant comment more for this . MP review :Its not so bad , but unblanaced . If you are new to this type of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ exo-suit-jump you will probably ending by refunding this game cuz there is nothing good about this...Bonus :Do i need to say something about the loading screens and shaders preloading ? xDDONT BUY THIS GAME ( i rather go play black ops 3 its way batter )
Fu*k this game, no matter what i do i cant get this piece of Sh*t to work.
while this game is decent and enjoyable in gameplay its full of glitches and fps drops.not sure if i d recommend it
THIS GAME SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥NO ONE PLAY ZOMBIE AND PVP WTF GRAPHIC  BAD AF
Servers are dead, been serching for a game for 2 hours and i still can't find a match
DO NOT BUY THIS!!!I was "lucky" in that this was on special at my local store.Installed it.... - Waited for the extra 30Gigs to download... Fired it up...1.  FREEZING ISSUES2. CAN'T FIND ANY MATCHES ONLINE - I DID NOT BUY THIS FOR THE CAMPAIGN MODE3. I HAVE "played" THIS GAME FOR 3 HOURS NOW AND HAVE NOT FOUND A SINGLE MATCH (ONCE A PLAYER ACTUALLY APPEARED AND THEN DISSAPPEARED AGAIN) - NOT A NETWORK ISSUE AS BLACK OPS 3 FINDS MATCHES (EVENTUALLY)
This game is really bad the campain was♥♥♥♥♥♥and the muliplayer was♥♥♥♥♥♥I only got the game for the zombies. If you want it for the zombies buy it. I won't to refund the game but I played it for over hours ;(
Campaign gets stuck on a loading screen map 3.Zombie mode = nobody online.Multiplayer = game putting low level players against max level players.In short, this is garbage you should avoid.Finally managed to play the campaign. Its better than average cod campaigns, but still full some copy paste set pieces and ultimately falls flat.
Just a late review giving a warning to anybody just now picking this up for whatever reason. I only enjoyed the Campaign and the Zombies game modes. Multiplayer was overdone and went may above people's heads. So if you do buy this game, I hope you are doing it to have a fun time on zombies. Other than that, please do not try and risk it. I will have to give this game a thumbs down because it is not worth the money for those 2 game modes.
Well, there isnt much to say about this game.. Does it deserve ALL the hate the community has given it since release ? Definetly not.. Is it praiseworthy ? In some aspects, sure. All in all, its just a run of the mill COD game with jetpacks. Campaign: Its and alright campaign, fine for the most part. I, personally, dont like the abundance of spaceship stages, everything else is just as you would expect from a COD game..Zombies: Its zombies, what do you expect ? Multiplayer: This is the part where the s**t hits the fan. There is fun to be had here, but its veery short lived. The game is plagued with bad map design, unbalanced weapons and questionable killstreak/payload rewards. Im not gonna lie, im pretty bad at this game, and ive been playing since the first COD, not MW1, just 1 ! So i kinda have an idea of what the game should be like. Sadly, with the BlackOps 2 installment(which was a solid game in its own right) the franchise started turning less from an unrealistic but fun military/war simulator to a glorified overbudgeted dubsteb music video. From awul camos to supply drops, that can be bought with REAL money, the game just doesnt live up to the listed price. The game has been out for more than a year now and the peak player count that youll find today tops out at about 500-600 players who, by the way, all love TDM and DOM so that means youll only be playing one of these two game modes.. On an end note, you can try the game out at a friends house and just feel it our for yourselft if its worth it. As for me, im probably gonna still keep playing it, because i guess i hate myself and i paid 40 euroes for this thing.. Have a good one !
i have played this game for 16 minutes and was flattered to see how many underaged boys have had sexual intercourse with my mother. 0,69/10
its not that good lmao
THIS GAME WON'T WORK FOR ME
The final nail in the CODpiece coffin.So there was once a game set in WW2 that was cool. Then after a few games they did modern day stuff. That was ok. Then they did 'blops' which was ok but kind of silly. Well, the silly kill streak stuff was in a while before that but it was ludicrous by then. Then they starting churning up blobs 2 and 3, and mw 2 and 3, and then decided to go to the future with sharks and space and lasers and stuff. There was this game called Ghosts which was ok only for the DLC (which was a rip off but a fun co-op game.. basically a separate game really). Then Advanced and Infinite, jump packs, stupid maps, killed it.The circular map designs were ALWAYS annoying but they never change things up. Every game is basically the same trash on rinse and repeat. The engine doesn't change, the graphics never get much better, the story is stupid, there's some soapy guy for SO many games, the zombies mode sucks.. I did enjoy that terrorist mission though.I played this for free weekend for a minute before uninstalling.Avoid.
the story is good but pvp evrey one camps and kids get upset over that
k
I got this for free and I want a refund.
Great campaign, great port, terrible everything else. If it ever gets to $10 it will be well worth it. Enjoy waiting 10 years to get it at that price.
doesn`t start after a while
didnt work kept crashing during the first mission and couldnt connect online.
♥♥♥♥♥♥kva dyng köp it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rip my money
Why should i save the world? It is none of my business.Because i cannot relate to the story or the surroundings in the game.Many users gave a thumbsup for the campaign, which i do not feel like finishing whatsoever.There should be a better way to tell a story, a point that Activision has been losing over the years.
Well I buyed the game and guess what .... game crashes when i enter zombie mode , crashes when i enter muiltiplayer , crashes when i enter campain and allso crashes when i try to change settings  ... basicaly it crashes in every mode .... and i have i5 , 16 gb ram and gtx 1070 ..... i think it's a joke ... because I can not understand how you can buy a game in 2017 and it doesn't work with a pretty good pc .... all the games are working on full video setings (the witcher, destiny 2, ghost ricon wild lands ... etc) ... i demand a fast fix for my game or I will never buy anything from Infinity Ward and from Activision .... ever :|
No
This is most likely the worst game I will own.
This game suffers from a good group of writers who are faced with having to make a game in the Call of Duty series. There are numerous moments in this game where it feels as if the writers are trying to make this the next Modern Warfare, but are forced to shoehorn a Call of Duty cliche into the gameplay or plot. If you are looking for dumb fun, I would recommend this game. But if you are looking for Call of Duty's savior, you're gonna have to keep looking.
never played it. but great for killing hard drive space.
TRASH
Not able to play multiplayer or a public match of zombies. Tried everything. Move along people, nothing to see here.Rather pirate it.
Worked ok for a week.SP only i dont do mp  ever.fixed my crashing, the game forgets to tell you out of memory.! amazing it can show out of POOL.I had a memory leak, via and bad app;. cure it. (added task bar, memory overload, icon) 8gig free.the game is ok (1 time) or as they say MEH.,  serial spoon feed, boring.. One fun bug, is on the  huge distroyer,  I was standing on the Bridge windshield.and fell iside solid steel cover,  and the bridge crew ignored me.funny bug that is.  then i cant get outside to do the blast window,event.  (ooops)can't skip half the LONG 5min cut scenes, making replay a drag.  Surely they can allow all skips,  (2 mouse buttons in this game it is)paid 1/2 price in store. glad i didnt do $60 USD on this movie, it's not  game it  is a moviewith minor , play interactions LOL.  it's ok; no hate, 25hs is long enough time, 1 buck an hour, same as watching  say vudu movie.CODIW is  great movie..in  counter point ( Dishonored 2, wow, just wow....)   addicting game, like no other.High Fives !  to all gamers ! if it runs have fun if not kick it to the curb and walk....COD-IW, is a DOG, whoof whoof.  ill pass on ww2,  due to can't stand cut scences.YMMV,
Save your money.
I don't see why it's getting that much hate its a kinda good cod its just that its so dead on pc. You can only play team deathmatch and domination. All the other gamemodes are 100% dead so it's not worth the full 60$, they should lower the price to like 29 dollars so it will be gaining players again.
This game is just stupid and unrealistic and a joke, I have not played it but just by looking at the trailers and how an axe could kill a robot in one it it is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Total bullcrap. Matchmaking appears to be completely broken. Even tried enabling DMZ on my router and sending everything through my laptop. Used it on a T1 commercial connection with the same issues. On top of that♥♥♥♥♥♥they apparently don't give a rat's behind about banning cheaters. Finally got into a multiplayer round (it takes 45 minutes or more every game) and I had to put up with xihucoatl who was an  obsious aimbotter (and who has entire discussion forums dedicated to people who would like to tie him up and slowly disembowl him while he screams. Ruined the experience. Wish I hadn't spent my money on this trash. Activision, I'm contemplating getting people together for a class action lawsuit. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is unnaceptable. People paid money, you put out a product that doesn't even work a year later.
release zombies in spaceland seperately instead
Keeps crashing
E X O S U I T S
Cheaters ruined this game, as if it needed more reasons to be a failure.
Game crashes on first mission, I remember a time when games that was released was checked and tested to work before being released on the market. Enjoy a thumb down.
Look, the game itself is good. But like all CoD games, it's about a 1 in 10 cheater ratio. It's almost like they're sadistically spreading them out so every game has at least one or two really obvious wallers who zoom in and shamelessly follow your every move through the map, and they never get booted. And, of course, those other players who have cheats on standby are ready to defend them publicly.You won't be able to get away from them, because the client will force you right back into the same lobby with the same cheater no matter how often you try to find a different match.It's time to stop giving EA and Activision our money for their flagship franchises when they simply don't punish multihackers.
how♥♥♥♥♥♥can this game's campaign and multiplayer be, jesus christ. Takes ♥♥♥♥ing forever to search for a game, full of hackers. The campaign was absolutely devastating to play, including the story line. Worst purchase ever and honestly don't know why i bought it. Ruining the COD series!!!!
This game felt more like work than an actual game, don't even ask me about the multi-player, the response will not be pleasant or polite.
I was so excited to finally get this game.  I love the Zombie boards.  To having the game for the past month or so and its been nothing but dissapointment from steam.  First not being able to play split screen with my boyfriend on our pc.  Which we loved to do.  To not having anyone to even play any online boareds.  there is no one to play multy player with on any boards. oh and how about on champanie the one part of the mission you get stuck in mid space and the game just frezzes.  and still no fix for that.  I really want to know if there is some way to get a refund.  Im not happy with paying well over 100.00 for a game I cant do anything thing with other then play alone. no online muliti player no split screen on pc montitoer. I just want my money back please
What a weirdo reviewing a game that is dead and everyone saw it as bad well here I go. Infinite warfare is not a bad game no mater what people say. But that is to not say it is a good game, especially in its current state. It very heavily suffers from lack of developer support and a lack of players. I was sure this black Friday many stores would put this game at twenty, fifteen, maby even ten dollars but yet despite having 75  just at my local GameStop that the owner wishes he could just get rid of for as low as 5 dollars just to cut his losses but he can't sell them because nobody wants them. But no such sale happened at many retailers continually digging the ever-growing grave for infinite warfare. One of the biggest problems in infinite warfare are literally 2 hackers. 2 hackers are slowly but surely destroying the game. How? Their is literally only one active server all of the time. So If you don't like that map in tdm well that's too bad just grin and bear it. So what about these hackers who are they. Well, you have the guy who is an edgy racial slurring throwing twelve-year-old that changes his name every week and has a picture of him ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on you on his tag, lovely. but then you have the guy that never talks and all he seems to be drawn by is making sure he finishes every round with a nuke. Both of them are you're typical aimbot and wall hax. They don't annoy me that much since I know they find enjoyment getting under my skin and realistically there is nothing I can do in a match to stop them unless I throw a grenade after a ping. But I can't play the game with them running around. But why do I enjoy this game after all I played it for 150 hours. Its because everyone has a personality in this game and that is very apparent just by the loadout people pick. You have the sweaty tryhard who runs around with the nv4 and synaptic with no cosmetics. You have edgy 15 year old who runs around with a katana striking them down (gosh dang it he is actually pretty good). You have cowboy guy the sharpest quickdraw who headshot me across the map for the third time. You have meta dude who plays's with all of the banned weapons and is just generally a god at the game. and then you have me the guy who killed you with the worst weapon in the game the non epic hailstorm akimbow quickdraw and red dot sight in all. and this is what really is the best thing about infinite warfare how just our loadout we show so much personality. With solid gameplay, movement, and a multiplayer it's the best game I've ever played that I can't recommend anyone.
Played this for a small bit some time back and discovered that somehow the free movement has been stuffed up. You cannot move in diagonal directions so to speak. Only able to strafe left or right, then have to stop that movement to move forward or back. I play a lot of FPS games including most of the older titles in the series and i have to say i was most disappointed about this and I uninstalled it pretty quickly as a result. Not a game i would recommend.
very cartoony. people jumping and flying all over the place. complete waste of money. WIsh I had never purchased it.
Although I do not recommend this game, it is still one of my favorite COD's to date along side COD4. Even with the server problems, no anti cheat enforcement etc., I love the movement, aiming and feel of the game. It is a shame it didn't have the tools in place to be truly successful.
an another dead cod. just like CoD: WW2
played mp couple matches and noticed how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game was
Dissapointing
Not fun
really bad game.
This game MP is dead. Please make it crossplay with ps4. I wouldn't mind using the gamepad if it means I can play with more people.
Call of duty IW sucks. Simple as that.
I Spent a good chunck of hours into this game was decent but would have been way better if more people played the game, all I was able to do was play team death match which magically I was able to get to 8th prestige playing and got really repetitive after so I just deleted it and never came back.
don't get this game
The Worst game i have ever played in my life.
Game launches but crashes on loading any map
This game  is verry laggy if you dont have updated drivers or a old computer and can freze, break , and give you virruses.
get this stupid♥♥♥♥♥game to work it just crashes all the time lol
Still cannot run this game, fails to load completely. I have tried every thing. Sure could use some help!
This game was a mess the day it launched and never ceased to be
I figured out why no one likes this game... It crashes when I go back to the main menu and no one stays in a lobby. Im so glad i got this for free because if I bought it I would have sued Microsoft for making this.
Awful game everytime I press Mulitplayer or zombies it freezes without even loading me to the zombies or mutliplayer menu.Everytime I try to play campaign it loads up cutscene and get to one specific parts everytime and freezes again but the audio continues to play.Broken game
Played mostly on zombies, a little bit disappointed that this game is not split screen on Pc however its only splitscreen on consoles, it’s not that they can’t do it I mean black ops 3 is split screen co-op on pc so why not do it for this game? I think the producers think that pc gamers don’t care but WE DO CARE. UPDATE WITH SPITSCREEN COOP NEEDED BEFORE YOU GET A POSITIVE REVIEW FROM ME.
shame on the devs ... ive had to install a program that remaps keys [i use the arrow keys , and these pause and become randomly unresponsive during gameplay.]the 91 hz frame lock just makes the game run unsmooth,those of you that use high refesh rate monitors will know of this.just seems they concentrated on other stuff when these sorta things actual matter quite a lot when gaming on a pc.have too thumbs down as this spoils what could be a fun game.
Zombies won't even load...
no
couldn't get past the first ten minutes in the main campaign due to constant crashing, tried every "fix" possible but nothing helped. couldn't even get a response from activision about the flaws with game, and i know i'm not the only one, but seriously, don't buy this game, it's a waste of money and time. bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, won't be buying into the COD franchise ever again.
Campaign: DecentWell optimized Multiplayer? never touching it again, full of 1 hit kill weapons and microtransactions.... now i understand why everybody hates it
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
All I can say is idk what they are doing anymore with cod
game sucks all around
Game keeps crashing not sure what is wrong with this game, re-installing still does not work
too much money for a dead game.
This game is â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ingâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ pls dont buy this you will regret it!!!!
Completely impossible to play with a I7 6700 k, 32gb ram, nvidia gtx 1080, all latest drivers on win 10.â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ You.
This game is not good. If i played this game in 2011 I would have enjoyed it but this game is just garbage sorry but it just is I bought the deluxe version on discound for 60 bucks worst game of all time 1/10
Trash.
bad
Avoid this game at all costs, Infinity Ward cannot develop games for PC at ALL.They've stopped banning cheaters since DLC2 and didn't even enable VAC for a full month after game launch.
Why is Infinite warfare in space ?  Becouse no one on Earth wants to buy it :D
wtf
This is the worst COD game ever, along with performance issues and dated visuals.Also the disgusting activision move to lead players into thinking they can only obtain the remastered cod4 by buying this game leaves a sour taste in the mouth. No support for such tripe and corporate greed. The games suffer greatly from the futuristic setting which breaks immersion in storytelling and execution. Story is utter tripe in a hollywood washout style.
This one is a bit hard to recommend because of it's poor multiplayer part and a bit hard to not recommend because of it's fun campaign.Campaign is the one to go for if you're gonna buy this game. It's long-ish, has some beautiful setpieces, graphics. Not the greatest story but it's definitely good with a strong(?) message about war. Multiplayer is the worst in the series. Basically it's a copy paste of Black Ops 3's multiplayer with added elements and more supply drops. Zombies is the best in the game. Not a strong zombie entry in the series. Though, the zombies is so fun when it comes to setting, style and story. It's like the 70's/80's with zombies and David fricking Hasselhoff!!So basically, don't buy the game for the multiplayer only. Buy it for the zombies and its lenghty campaign.
A one year old game that is a cookie cutter edition of the last 4-6 years with new icing. 100% NOT WORTH THE $80 that they are asking for it in 2017!  I remember when video games had their prices dropped 10-15%  around 12-18 months (24 months at most) after release. Not only are they squeezing your hard earned cash out of you with DLC that you have to purchace (usually $15/DLC). They now charge you an extra $39.99 to $69.99 for the Season Pass, for content that should already BE IN THE GAME!!!!  Most FPS/RPG games retail at $59.99 - $69.99, but Call of Duty wants you to pay them 79.99 for A COOKIE CUTTER GAME!!!SAY NO TO PARTIALLY COMPLETE GAMES, PAY-4-DLC AND EXTREMELY OVER PRICED SEASON'S PASSES!!!!
Worst multiplayer in COD history but singleplayer was really fun
Same♥♥♥♥♥all the others. no one playing and they dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about cheaters only about your money. will never by another COD came again.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN BECAUSE I COULDNT NOT GIVE TWO ♥♥♥♥♥ ABOUT THE BORING AND DEAD MULTIPLAYER.When I first started playing this I was really enjoying it even though it had a pretty bad launch and first trailer. I found out that playing it was far, far better than I expected and that it was an interesting single player game which the Call of Duty's usually are. All their stories seem to sound basic but have their own twist or unique take on scenarios. It's the same for this game, a group of bad guys are threatening Earth all for their own domination and rise of the SDF.Infinite Warfare features new things not seen in the previous games such as space travel, ship fights in space, side missions done like these and this level of attention to the far future as opposed to the near.However, not all is well in this game as I will detail below which gives it a negative review from me.Just to point out, I have not finished the game.PRO- The story is enjoyable with it's new setting and plot.- The characters, while slightly dull, are all realistic and interesting.- The spaceship dog fighting missions are pretty fun, very remiscent of Star Wars Battlefront (2005)- The music is enjoyable to listen to as always in CoD games.- Some parts of the campaign are tense and thrilling, reminding me of the Alien movies or other 1980's sci-fi horror.- Lots of guns, gadgets and customisable gear which are all fun to use.CON- The main missions take so long to get into. To begin one you need to walk to the mission select desk, have a 30 second briefing on what you're doing, take an elevator ride down to the armoury with monotonus chatter during, sort out your loadout of weaponary, tak another elevator down to the hanger, walk to your ship, have another dull conversation where someone makes a smart♥♥♥♥♥comment about something, watch a cutscene of you leaving and then finally watch a cutscene of you arriving at the destination. I'm all for immersion but I also jsut wanna play. A loading screen cutscene would have been perfect just like the older games.- During gameplay I get between 50-60fps which is perfectly fine with me. During moments where there are defense missions where yo uare swarmed with enemies I get stuck on about 5-10fps (not my hardware, bad optimisation). Cutscenes also stutter so heavily that even they have to pause for a 'loading' message to help it out.- The reason I haven't finished the game is because of a game breaking bug in which I cannot open a door on my own. Yeah. I get to a door half way through the game, all my squad are around me (minus one AI that has disappeared) I hold my hands on the door ready for it to be held open by a teammate but nothing. I stand there like an idiot while they're sitting there with their thumbs up their arses. Loading the last checkpoint doesn't help and neither does restarting the mission. People say play another mission then go back to it but I've completed all the side missions up to that point so it's impossible to do so.- There are also other bugs that stop people from completing missions that apparently haven't been fixed. The only other one I ran into was during a space battle where I must destroy a ship that was glitched to be invincible.If I had completed the game then no doubt I would have given it a good review regardless but since I couldn't then I have no choice but to give it a bad review. I paid for half a game. Sorry, half a broken game.4/10
I will speak about Single Player Campaign only.I have completed the game in 7 Hrs. It was downloading for 12 Hrs.not worth the money spent on it. Thank You.Semi-Good story.
this game gave me crabs, why do easter eggs consist of me having to figure out morse code and do math kill me now
.
FUTURE 1342472356235287523 YEAR! OHHH YEEA! LIKE THIS GAEM!1!11
This game is so boring and unrealistic that I have given it up after less than two hours play.  Why is it that the current batch of games designers feel the absolute need to put women in the role of hardened fighters. It is just not realistic and that is another fault I could not come to terms with. Overall the game is much too scripted and leaves the player with no option other tahn to just folow along and try to not get killed. Hopefully the next CoD is going back to WW2, as is rumoured, but if the developers insisit on the same prescriptive game play as this example I'll wait until is cost goes down in the sale.
Poor game, sad..
It feels like a rushed game the story i trash multiplayer is unbalanced and zombies feels they crammed everything into it i feel like if they took their time and polished the game it might be a good game.
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME VERY BAD IT SUCKY SUCKY!!!
High production values, detailed models and skins, lots of flash, lots of attention to military detail, but the game is more of a Hollywood production than an actual FPS sim with a scifi backdrop.  Simply put it doesn't play very well, and plays just way too fast with lots of special effects to make the thing look pretty.  You can't engage AI or another player beyond a certain range, the maps are small and confined, the story for the SP game is marginally interesting though also a bit ludicrous.  It's not a true futuristic combat sim, but something made for teenage boys.  I've been playing FPS games since DOOM, still do CSS and CSGO every now and then, and I think those games are just marginally a bit better than this one.  If you want a real combat sim, then check out one of the Delta force games or Insurgency.  This game is okay, but it's more flash than bang, or as they say in Texas, "Big hat, no cattle."
Very low player count, i think Black Ops 2 has more people than this game.Don't get it for the multiplayer. Get it for the campaign and zombies.
this game sux i recommend not to buy this game
Bought this game months ago and it problems running the game.First it runs smoothly then all of a sudden the FPS drops dramatically sometime all the way down to 5 FPS. contacted their support team and all they had to say was it should run properly.YEAH no♥♥♥♥♥♥it should run properly on the rig i have.so now months after i decided to re.install to check if they had fixed or patched the problem and still nothing.WTF. i dint buy this game just to play the first 15 minutes of the game then for it to run poorly.
“Preloading Shaders”
More futuristic rubbish, second worst COD game after Advanced Warfare, please no more, i want realistic war shooters, lets hope WW2 is better.
My Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare , when complete a mision the game stay loading and not open, i need to restsrt pc to play because all my pc stay in loading and i cant controll anything.
THIS GAME WOULD HAVE TO BE THE WORSE EVER FOR SERVER BASED MUTLI PLAY, YOU SPEND MORE TIME WAITING TO GET A GAME THAN PLAYING YOU CONSITENTY GET DROPPED FROM SERVERS AND IT CRASHES MORE OFTEN THAN YOU HAVE HOT DINNERS ...... PRETTY POOR EFFORT ..... THE GAME ITSELF IS GOOD
CONTINOUSLY STOPS WORKING GETTING IT TO LOAD TO GAME MODE SEEMS NEXT TO IMPOSSIBLE AND I KNOW ITS NOT MY SOFTWARE
hackers and lag make the game unplayable at times and when you decidited to go to WWII next  you didn't ask the people who play your game, most would like it to be today with today weapons.
Could nmot get it to play!!
One Word : Trash
Connection issues. Campers. Kids. Shotguns. Well, long story short: Nothing new on CoD. Just bought it because it was on sale and I was bored. But nearly every day it happens that I cant even join a game. Utterly annoying.
Downloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restartDownloading update....update requires restart
First of all Game Stop in Guam needs to stop selling this game in store. When you try and install, it has a region lock!!!!! Total BS!!!!!!
God this game is just the biggest meme of the year isn't it? Especially for the PC community, however even though this is DO NOT BUY THIS GAME review, the game had a few things right about it. So to start off with the positives: 1.) Supply Drops: Supply drops should be a negative thing for a COD game right? Even though I would rather have no supply drops, this game did them better than the others. The fact that DLC weapons could be rightfully unlocked to a season pass owner was the main reason I made supply drops a positive thing for the game. You could also get MOST weapons with scrap which isn't too hard to earn in the game.2.) Zombies in Spaceland: Zombies in Spaceland is actually a good zombies map not only for infinite warfare, but IMO zombies in general. For me in zombies I look for a well balanced map of challenges, and easy tasks to complete. Zombies in Spaceland wasn't a serrious map by any means and was just fun and layed back. The map to me had a really good vibe and getting higher rounds was a bit of a challenge for certain people. The easter egg was also really easy but the boss fight was a little difficult. I did not really like the other zombies maps however as you may read later on.3.) The Zombies Leveling Up/ Keys System: The tittle itself is pretty explanitory, I like how there are no prestiges and you don't have to end your high round game to prestige for more XP. Also the key system is really fair in zombies.Now onto the negative things about IW1.) The Optimization: The PC port for this game was actually really good for a COD game, however the game just did not run well on many systems including mine. The game always had stuttering and lag issues for me in zombies and multiplayer.2.) The REST of Zombies: Now this is going to be a long one since I am more of a zombies fan than a multiplayer fan. The zombies for this game was complete dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ The only good map was spaceland, and everything after that was downhill in terms of inovation, and the good vibes for the maps. Rave in the Redwoods to many people was there favorite due to it being easy, but it was TOO easy to get to a high round on the map. Shaloin Shuffle is OKAY I guess, but not at all up to standard of a zombies map and I would say down as one of the worst zombies map if this game did not make any more maps. Shaloin just has a bit too much in it for the casual fanbase IW zombies was thriving off of. I do like a challenge, but I feel this game had a casual fanbase and this map turned them away from the game. Attack of the Radioactive Thing is just as aids as the name of it implies. Everything from the easter egg, to the size, to the lag issues on the map are there. The map is extremely hard and only for hardcore zombies players which if you stayed after shaloin, this map 100% turned you away if you are a casual player. The map is hard and boring to put it simply. Now Beast from Beyond I just could not play for 5 minutes without getting SUPER BORED. The map is just bad, everything about it including the extinction aliens. I couldn't even get power on without quitting it.3.) The DEV'S Lack of PC Support: They simply did not care about the PC community as COD usually doesn't. They did not listen to us, and we got updates weeks later than even xbox did. Lack of communication and a community to talk to, killed this game on PC after the first 2 months.
Don't buy it, waste of money
AWFUL PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥
Worst game ever!
This game has to potential to be very enjoyable. The campaign is incredibly fun and seemingly original when compared to other Call of Duty's, the Zombies isn't half bad, and the Multiplayer is, at least in my opinion, pretty underrated. Of course because this is PC, 90% of the games you end up in will be filled with hackers, who basically swarm this game like parasites. If it wasn't as bad, and if the hackers were actually banned and weren't just ignored by the developers, and if they weren't completely rampant in every single game, then maybe I'd consider recommending this game at a relatively cheap price, but of course that's not the case. Also, and I'm not sure if it's mainly because of the hackers, but this game can be completely empty. It's basically impossible to find anything other than TDM, and nobody plays Zombies anymore for some reason. I don't know, this game is a cesspool, don't bother
TRASH
Reduce.  Reuse.  Recycle
Bought it for zombies and MW remastered. Zombies sucks, so this game is getting uninstalled.
It is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. The idea of the game in aint bad, but looking at whole the game for real, reveals that this is quite a shameful product overall. The PC port is by far the worst since CoD: Ghosts. The game runs, although being simple af,  compared to other games of that genre fairly bad. Graphics are also not that great for a modern triple A title, so you might not expect having a hard time running the game without lagg. I don't think think the developers even gave half of a♥♥♥♥♥♥when creating the PC version of the game. CoD never looks and plays very fancy, but this is even worse than before.Shame!Oh and don't make me mention the suply drop system...♥♥♥♥ing hell
Igive my first dab review to this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game keep crushing. The game makes me feel i am playing Titanfall, the worst call of duty ever.
this game should be ♥♥♥♥ing demololished
Everybody dies but some irrelevant chick whom you don't play. Why. What's with the sexism guys?
Dont waste your money on this game....I bought the season pass and ohh boy was i disappointed. the maps suck, the guns suck. All the maps in zombies are♥♥♥♥♥♥and no one plays them so u have to play solo. Also you cant ready up if only 3 people where found, people get tired of waiting for hours and leave . seems like they really dont care what they put out, as long as there making money.
uninstall
Few points to clarify first:First: I bought this game solely for single-player campaign (I'm not interested in COD-styled MP, zombies, or any other BS)Second: The last time I played COD was the very first one (yep, the oldest, the WW2 one)So I finished the campaign, and I got mixed feelings about it. Some things were great, some were quite awful, overall, it was so-so. I'm big sci-fi fan and was looking for good sci-fi story and it was a sci-fi indeed, but the story itself was far too cliche. Acting was incredibly good (10/10) but not all characters are well developed (especially disappointing is the main villain aka John Snow, which is completely shallow, he is just a bad even guy, because... reasons). The rest of the main characters are quite good. The main story ark (4/10) is just dump- bad guys attack, good guys retaliate. Bads are bad and evil, goods are good and heroic. Nothing to see, the story is worthy of cheap paperback sci-fi flick, and saved from being completely awful only by main characters. Ground combat is highly disappointing - I heard this is the way COD are made now: they encourage slow cover-crawling, punishing anything else. This is not fun at all. Every time you get a little ballsy - you immediately got shot. The number of times I died from an enemy I haven't even seen is was way too much. I guess there people who like this type of combat, but I find it extremely tedious and boring - I much prefer run-n-gun approach of a games like new Wallenstein or Doom (or old-school shooters). Guess it is the matter of taste, and I don't like it. Zero-gravity fights are nice idea, but they are even more frustrating, as you don't have a proper cover to hide behind (3/10). Space-flight sim parts were kind-ok (5/10) but a very shallow and simplistic - two weapons (one for small ships, one for big), no inertia/momentum simulation (there is, for example, not problem "reversing" in space) and "ace pilots" which are objective in several missions can not be hit by missiles, they have to be hunted by gun, which could be quite frustrating, especially as there is no 3D map to give situation awareness, so very often as soon as I settled tracking the target, some other ship was locked on me, and I needed to evade, and start hunting over. To an old X-Wind/Tie-Fighter fan like me - it was boring and repetitive. Graphics in the game (especially characters and the settings) were amazing (9/10). So for simple player campaign - I find it hard to recommend. Besides amazing actors and graphics there is not too much good to say about it. Don't bother unless you get it at a very good discount and are really into sci-fi (I do, but still can't say I enjoyed it very much).Total: 6/10
Got to Mars and now when I try to resume the campaign, it crashes saying the game isn't responding. Can't recommend if this is indicative of the bugginess of a 1 year old game. Probably best to move on at this point. Glad I got it for half price.
The question is: do you recommend this game ?NO: do NOT buy this game !All the bad reviews are true.Because the game has no respect for players, I will not have the courtesy of talking about the good things.The setting is SF, and that's not good or bad...you like it or you don't...What they do is make a mockery of SF fans in a "AAA" game.The multiplayer is a scandal:fairplay & balancing is nihil, it's disgusting and goes beyond any form of respect and decency:my first MP-game as a level 1 was me alone vs 5 players who had at least 50x (yes: fifty times) higher level than me...allowing this as a dev says more about the devs than about the players.You will not meet a cheater, you will not meet a group of cheaters, you will meet Armies of cheaters.Just allowing it in this way is showing not the least respect for players.And they are already laughing: it seems their cheats will work as well in WWII !SF fans are mostly a little bit more educated than the average ppl (no offense meant!), so one would think the devs would understand that and respect that, but no: they ridiculize the SF game by introducing ridiculous physics:the use of recoil weapons in 0 or low G, makes the user fly backwardsthe impact of projectiles makes someone fly backwards...but no: no real physics are allowed, that's too difficult for the devs...they mention "stopping power"... what a lie...Now the game becomes a cheap incompetent Doom / Quake clone...jumping around not hindered by any physicsif a player wants to play Doom or Quake, they buy that game...not this "wannabe" Technical:positional audio is very mediocrehitboxes ? shooting 2 players who are next to eachother (not behind) with 1 snipershot ? a bullet from 80 cm diameter ? maybe...it's SF...too many connection problems in MPSo again: do I recommend this game, which means: give them 60 (or even 30) € for it:hell no !!
I had a blast playing the campaign, then I started zombies.Only 1 map, the rest are locked behind DLC. So I thought "Hm, if I like it, maybe I'll buy a map or two". Infinity Ward had other plans in mind apparently, because you can only buy all of the map packs at once through the season pass or not at all. Not gonna spend $50 on DLC regardless of what it is.So I gave up and decided to try out the zombies map our kind overlords gifted us and guess what, I can't play that either. Apparently there's a bug that won't let you play online (or even solo zombies) if your steam name is over 15 characters or has weird characters (like mine).TL;DR I forgot I was playing a Call of Duty game until I looked at anything that wasn't the SP.Don't buy at full price. Wait 50 years and buy it for $20, that's all it's worth.
I bought the Legacy Edition on a heavy discount a couple of weeks ago which actually turned out to be cheaper than buying Infinite Warfare by itself on Steam. Anyway I pretty much bought it purely for Modern Warfare Remastered but since I got this with it as well I decided to give it a crack.To begin with I am going to state that MP and Zombie Mode are both completely dead and therefore Infinite Warfare gets an automatic "Not Recommended" since two thirds of the package is unplayable. Therefore this will only be a review of the campaign. I will break this down into several sections: story and characters, visuals and performance and gameplay and replay value.The story is just... stupid... I can't put any other way, it is just dumb and not a fun way. The characters are not memorable, there are multiple sections in the game where you lose comrades in arms and it's clear that you are supposed to feel sad because of it. You don't feel sad because the game doesn't earn it, all the characters are one dimensional and tedious, spouting nonesense and cliches. The worst of the bunch is the primary antagonist, he says the dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥I have heard from any vilain, anywhere and he says it unironically. He is so deadly serious when he says his idiotic lines that I actually laughed quite a few times which I don't believe is a reaction the writes were gunning for.It's not a bad looking game and it peforms reasonably well on my mid/high end rig (GTX1080 + E6700). While I didn't have any framerate dips I couldn't help but compare the visuals to Titanfall 2 which is another futuristic shooter that came out in the same release period as IW. Without a shadow of a doubt, TF2 is a vastly better looking game.The gameplay in the campaign is not terrible but not great either, foot on the ground combat is pretty average for a CoD game. A lot of the guns didn't feel that great and sounded pretty poor. This is especially jarring after playing through Modern Warfare Remastered a week ago. MWR absolutely murders IW in terms of the feel of weapons, the sound design and the quality of setpieces. That brings me to another point, there is not a single set piece in IW  that is memorable, this game doesn't have its "Death from Above" or "All Ghillied Up". All of the ground missions feel thoroughly generic and the mechanics that are meant to set it apart such as wall running feel shoehorned in and not organic like they do in Titanfall 2. One thing that I thought that IW did well were the Jackal Missions. IW brings air to air combat with  3 degrees of freedom to CoD franchise and it was the good part. Obviously the Jackal missions aren't as involved or enjoyable as a proper flight/space sim but I thought it was best part of IW.To close I would like to say that this game isn't worth the asking price and probably not even half of it. For anyone who is seriously considering getting this, know that you are buying a Single Player game because the MP and COOP are dead with critically low concurrent playercount.
QUesto gioco fa schifo al pisello i server fanno schifo al pisello il pisello fa schifo ai server le armi sono quelle di star wars ridatemi cod bo3 oppure fate gratis bo4 grazie
This POS wouldn't start.
i cant even play one game, i had this game for a few days and no ones on or something
play 20 minutes, as other players says, this game is sucks!
Awesome Graphics, Dumb Storyline.  I was actually pumped for the whole future thing, but the story was insanely lame and dumb.  I can imagine humans dividing for many reasons, but "Earth Borns" Vs "Galatic Born" is not realistic or believable.  Especially given the scope of human expansion.  Earth Borns would be minute compared to the rest of humanity.Sound Quality is horrible, bought this game to test 3 new headphones I got and two different sound cards.  End result was this game sounds like crap no matter what headphones you use.  Compared to Rainbow 6 Seige, CODIW sounds like it was recorded on a cheap cellphone.  Its really really bad. Your best to play it via TV to blend out the horrible sound qoality.
A few things to get out of the way first. 1. I play this on a lap top with minimal settings.2. My game is currently up to date I believe. 3. I don't recommend getting this game.Now with that out of the way.I got this game and play the single player campaign. Now the low frame rate that occurs at times I can accept as again I'm playing on a lap top and that may not be the best able to handle it. But sometimes it doesn’t make sense. 2 FPS when I go to the main menu? Not so sure why. Mind you I don't know much about graphics or any of that.I haven't tried the multiplayer as I didn't get the game for that so I won't review that through their does seem to be issues with it but again I don't know much about that.The campaign which is what I got the game for is okish. I won't go into the plot holes or anything like that however there is one massive issue. THE CAMPAIN IS BROKEN AND UNCOMPLETEABLE. The campaign is fine till you get to the forth mission I think called Burning Water where due to what I think is a scripting error or something like that the mission is incompletable. You will go to fly off and finish the mission only to be shot by invisible stuff and blow up. The part where another ship is supposed to show up and the mission ends never happens as the ship never shows up. This doesn’t seem to be the case for everyone however as some people seem to have been able to complete the mission but others like me can't for whatever reason. The other thing is that by the time I got to this part in the mission I had played the game for over two hours so I can't get my money back either. The fact that you also can't skip most cutscenes and that the fighter that you have for some missions have 6 different weapons that you can have and 3 different hull upgrades to choose from. The rest is decals that you can't even see when you’re in the fighter anyway.  But this still is overshadowed by the fact that the campaign is broken and incompletable.As for the zombies it works fine for me mostly. Theirs some sort of level up system that isn't explained and all the characters are straight up stereotypes. Theirs the dumb girl the college jock who brakes a bottle on his head for some reason the total nerd who make the star teck gesture and goes around slapping zombies and the black rapper guy. At least I think he's a rapper. I do like that they all have different melee weapons but they all behave the same and don't make sense. The girl has a spoon the jock has the broken bottle that he broke on his head and rapper? guy has brass knuckles and the nerd straight up slaps stuff! Through this doesn’t matter much I just find it a bit odd. However, I find this mode playable and fine I suck at it but that’s just me through. When I play the game, I play this mode. Again, I don't do multiplayer so I can't comment on the multiplayer for the zombie’s game mode. In conclusion I don't recommend this game if you want to play the campaign and due to the fact that this issue still hasn't been fixed doesn’t bode well.
Let me say this. If you want this game for the campaign, get it. From what i played of it, the campaign was fun, beautiful and somewhat fresh. That being said, 2 games into multiplayer and chill i returned it. Its jam packed with features you wont use and tries desperately to make everything as futuristic and gimmicky as possible. I decided the 8 hours i spend on campaign wasnt worth the 30 bucks i paid for it.
Unlike
I dont think game itself is bad, i think its quite a good attempt to catch COD4MW glory and probably best COD since 4 when its works, but it does not... quality control is cheap and greedy, Craptivision does not give a ♥♥♥♥ about polishing games anymore, DLC stores and loot crates for cash is all that matters to them. Game crashes at the 1st prerendered cutscene with DirectX error, always! Its a ♥♥♥♥ing critical game breaking bug and nobody ♥♥♥♥ing bothers to fix it! And i paid a lot of money for this BROKEN PRODUCT, i cant play single player because it always crashes on load of very 1st level. And unfortunately i played remaster of COD 4 (which works and which is the only reason i bought this game) more than 2 hours and cant claim for refund anymore. Valve really needs to provide refunds for broken games (since release of since recent patch that broke things or made game not enjoyable anymore) no matter how many hours you played, this will force greedy publishers like Activision to care about quality (not just tehcnical but a game design and overall enjoyability of game too) control of release and patches.Update:Okey, after some experiements it seems to me that game uses way more vram than it suppose to use with such assets, probably there is a memory leak or very non optimal memory footprint or probably there is some bug im resource managment and game does not properly push resources beyond vram to ram (i got 4gb vram and 16 gb of ram) so it crashes when VRAM filled.I managed to actually start playing game, but for this i had to reduce level of detail in misc settings to LOW. When i changed it to normal game crashed after 10 minutes, with LOW it was playable. Symptoms seems like memory leak or overload to me. But changing LOD to LOW allows to play game. Its a temporary solution until i hope those cheap thief that grabbed our cash and ran away will dare to make a patch to fix this issue. But for this we have to CRY LOUD A LOT!Also cun and stop shadows cache better to be set to OFF as they eat a lot of ram and may crash the game.Shame that not like MW1 remaster this game not just has less graphical options but also lacking indicator VRAM usage for options, to make it easier to maintain graphic settings bellow VRAM until this resource managment problem will be fixed.
This review is mainly about the single player campaign.(spoiler alert)It is very interesting to see all the older CODs are generally getting much better reviews. I have played MW1,2,3 and Black Ops 1,2 and bought this game recently on discount. Now I see why people just love the older ones more.The story in this game is really predictable. It's like in the first scene a character appeared,  I could almost tell that he is going to die sooner or later and it turned out I was right most of the time. There is not a single person in this game that really impressed me and I literally cried when Soap died (Modern Warfare). Moreover, there is 0 introductions for the bad guys. Everyone in this game can be "replaced" by an average solider, I could not sense any characteristics.I understand that there is not much chance to vividly establish everything for a chatacter in just one game but I just could not feel the intense atmosphere of war and the relief when I finally killed the boss.
Constantly crashes, do not buy this game. The devs dont care enough to optimize it so it will work properly on windows.
I want my money back. :l
♥♥♥♥♥game terrible optimization for gameplay
Pretty bad.
do not buy this game its dead. tdm/ffa nothing is really happening XD
I can't even launch the multiplayer without getting a DirectX instant crash.
I ran every troubleshoot possible. Deleted cache, removed antivirus from it, cleared it from antivirus, downgraded graphics (though my pc exceeds minimum requirement), et cetera. My game not only won't load past the lobby of mp after ten+ minutes of loading, but it won't even load the singleplayer campaign. It's a waste of $40, which I couldn't get back, and now I'm far more than upset. Please, do not continue purchasing this game, it's far more of a headache than a game is worth.EDIT: Okay, so I had to restart my computer, turn the antivirus off, turn on the game, allow it to crash, turn the antivirus on, let the game crash AGAIN, then turn it off and I was fine. Now I can only play the game with the antivirus off, which makes me nervous, so I refuse to bring it up to a positive on this game. From what I've seen compared to my time on the PS4:- Hackers. No, I'm not a salty sweat-nerd who gets angry whenever someone kills me. I've recorded aimbotters, nonreloaders. I've played almost seven hours of gameplay, and I've run into 9 hackers in this game. The report system is a joke, and getting the team wiped out of existence is typical in these matches.+ The game works very well without antivirus on.- Without antivirus, it's a little nerving to play, but should be fine.+ The community itself is not as toxic as GTA or WoW, but will explode when a hacker is online.- Sometimes the singleplayer is buggy and needs to be reloaded, not a hard issue. - The balancing system is odd. Best way to put it. Instead of allowing open detection of player skill level and adjusting, the game will throw you in with very seasoned players. It can be good practice, but when you're afraid of upsetting your team, it can be very disheartening. With an encouraging team, it's good. But best to be played with friends.Overall, I still stick with my original review for the PC, and since I paid for it, I will continue playing it. However, if you're on the fence about this game and you want a review from a person who has played this on all three systems (xBox 1, PS4, PC), I would avoid this game. Get something like MW or MW Remastered, and wait it out until WW2 comes out. With technical errors of the original part of my review, as well as the hackers and balancing, it was a chore at first to play, but I'm gradually (though my KD ratio is very similar to shooting a bucket and saying it will hold water) increasing, which also allows me to have more fun.
Buzz Lightyear Simulator 2016
WARNING: The following game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥spawns are terrible and u cant find any lobbies payed 100$ for this crap and i cant find one DLC lobby its like no one ever bought the dlc and i feel the only one who has season pass zombies are not an option because no one playes it i say put this game on 10$ u idiots i payed 100$ for game with no players now its ur turn to sell this game for a cheaper price because the ones who did bought this game got totally screwd!!!
from the tiny bit I've ben able to play it was fun, that was one mission. The other two missions have been marred by♥♥♥♥♥♥framerates. 15 FPS constant. After mucking about in settings I was able to get a constant fps of around 40ish until I died for the first time after booting the game up. After you die the first time the fps drops to 20 FPS and never raises or lowers.
Have frequent issues with multiplayer lag and frames are capped at 90 fps. Literally get dropped from every match and i have never had issues with other COD games before, this one is just hottibly optimized. Only thing it has going is the visuals and concept. I'd stay away if you're looking for a fun multipolayer experience.
One of the worst Call of Duty of all time. It was terrible, the graphics, gameplay, characters, level design and ohhhh ♥♥♥♥ing boy... MICROTRANSATIONS!
Garbage
Call of Duty Infinite LagfareDont buy this Game ive you like Playing in Multiplayer. I get Constand Microstotter and Framedrops. form 91 to about 70fps.Ive tryed fo fix this, whit setting everything to low. Changed Nvidia Systempanel options like, Power management mode to Maximum ect.The best Solotion seems to be Disabling Shader Cache. It the Game now dosent hang for a 1/4 Sek anymore. But still has some small stottering. Horrible.A friend buyed me that copy cheap online. Still for free im still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for others running into the same Problem but have payed the full price. Hope God bless them a lagfree expirience, course Activision what do a♥♥♥♥♥♥PS: i7 596064GB RamTitan X (Maxwell)
I always liked Call of Duty, since the day i started playing on PC. However this one is pretty low quality, starting with the lame storyline/campaign. The multiplayer part is kinda awesome...ONLY if you get on a match without cheaters. This game and all previous Call of Duty are infested with cheaters, you are literally unable to enjoy the multiplayer part of the game because there's always someone with aimbot and/or wallhack. Some even have the audacity to stream on Twitch (good thing Twitch actually bans them). Overall note: 3/10 - Strictly because this is another game that lost the support of the devs and the cheaters are roaming through the game like there's no tomorrow...but hey, the dlcs with MAPS keep on rolling, cause screw the players we got their money. The problem still remains.
trash
First cod singleplayer campaign that is boring to me
absolute trash*DONT BUY*
It's really bad!
It is as unblanced as expected, melee/melee weapons have a lunge of a standard shotgun 1hit range, campain is about space-communists and makes 0 sese, Zombies is a redeeming factor being very smooth and playable.
Horrible
Not the best game, I think Black Ops 3 is better than this!But I like a few things in the game, like the shield grenade, the Volk, and another weapon which is catogized in Launchers!
dont worth that much, maybe if it was like 25 bucks i would buy
Very Bad
Not my type of game...to futuristic.Not fun to play at all.
its trash
The best part of this game is the uninstall button.
Get it for PS4 or Xbox One. Call of Duty on PC is built horribly. The game itself seems better than the other futuristic CODs but it as a game it still doesn't feel like a COD, it feels the game doesn't even know what it wants to be.
No
I played it only for the multiplayer, and the rage still hurts . . .
Very inovative gamei bought this from♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for like 8€ and it was the worst investment of my lifea family pizza has a better prize per performance than infinite warfareeven minecraft would be more inovative than this game if they would add sphere objects and formsbut the sexiest thing is the performanceuhuhhhhhhhhyou need atleast 5 gtx titan x inorder to play this game on 720p and combined with 128gb of ram you could barrly hit 30fps on 900pill recommend this game for no one but if you want to have every illnes on earth than i would rly recommend this game
Wouldn't start. Cmon guys it's been almost a year since release.Specs:Win 10 pro 64-biti5-4690 @ 3.5GHzGeForce GTX 1080
Not worth buying, The game has its FPS locked to 91 and it feels to unresponsive. There is no players.It's very hard to find a match and impossible to find any match other than Team Death Match
Thank god I can write areview for having a free weekend!Are you wondering if you want to pick up this game? DON'T BOTHER.
what a waste of money
we need what an actuall game is. give is more fun game modes not the same rehashed ones...
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare boasts great graphics, an intriguing campaign and unique playstyle. However, with the lack of split-screen support (an exclusive to such), a playerbase and reputation, I simply cannot can't give this game a positive recommendation.
"Now that's a supply drop" - Supply Drop Guy 2016
Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥where do i start with this, Oh i forgot i killed myself midway through the dlc season.
this game is so terribly buged that i feel like going back to ps4 , call of duty infine warfare? need to call it call of duty infinte boot it tells me i have to restart after update i tried all fixes and still im stuck in infinite loop mode only thing i can play is the story multiplayer and zombies are both unplayable. the 2 most valued game modes i cant play. after i did my research i found out this problem been around since the game been out and here i am a couple of months before wwii drops and nothing has changed game just got worser and less fun now all this game does is loop, i should have listened to the infinite amount of bad reviews
Waste of money don't think to buy this game
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ Thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
I want to just enjoy the game, but the majority of games I'm joining right this instant have hackers in, often just rejoining the same hacker riddled game. Wall hacks, aim bots - I'm tired of it.Didn't buy any DLC, and this reminds me why I should avoid buying the next call of duty as well.
its basicly a copy of bo3get bo3 than iw
Got the game for zombies which is fun. Currently stuck in an infinite restart to apply update loop. Have tried all stuff online and reinstalled twice, cancer.
SHOCKING !!!!I CANNOT CONNECT TO A SINGLE MULTIPLAYER / ZOMBIE GAMES AT ALL !! REGARDLESS OF WHAT I TRY. WOULDNT EVEN PUT ME INTO A GAME BEFORE FAILING TO CONECT TO HOST !! PAID FOR A GAME THAT CANT EVEN LOAD UP .. LET ALONE PLAY!STAY CLEAR OF IT .. DONT BOTHER WASTING YOUR MONEY !!!!
This game is trash plain and simple, you can't even play it, every time i try to play zombies or multi it forces a restart loop
Hell, I actually like the game. What I don't like is after a few hours gameplay it will not run. At all. I have tried everything! It's simply ♥♥♥♥ed. My partner bought the hard copy for me. I've got ♥♥♥♥en bucklys of any justice in this situation. Girls money down the drain. I guess it's not Steam's fault but I had to rant. Whomevers fault it is that this game REFUSES to run ♥♥♥♥ YOU! Don't buy it!!!!!
this game is good so far love the missons howeverthe optimized is not that good i have 1080 (rog) and 4790k on here with 16ram (with page memory if u turn it off the memory will go low memory with out it) also one other thing is the sounds are kind of broken  and never got fixed  by from reporting from fourms (only happens in cutscenes)im no way playing muti i seen other cod muti bad as bo3 (this was the last the best muti i had)get this game ONLY for SP and stay the hell away from MUTI.i have skiped one so far is cod adv warfare and only played it on ps3 (rented) and the story was trash but this one little better but not the the best !also get it ONLY $20 NZD  (if it happens)  NEVER get it in full cost ever do i recommend the game NO never unless you only afer the SP yes only if you how to make sp working it taken 30min-1hr i get going i had to lower some setings so i dont get the crash from low memory (got it up to med-high setings)on note: also that i had this crash on cod ghosts and had the same thing i ended up puting all on low settings (with my old card 290 tri-x)got this game for sale $18 retail :) from eb im not too sure about zom mode  i need check that out soon as i done with sp more to come ..........Update:the main story cutscenes are kind of fixed but now its happeing on zom mode and i love the story but still i will not recmmend the game in full cost
Just simply does not work, rarely does it not crash whilst on menu screens let alone in game itself  >:(pretty much the worst game i have ever attempted to play.
Terrible multiplayer! I own every single Call of Duty game ever made and this is by far has the worst multiplayer. The reaction and response time is really bad everytime you come accross an opposing player. I wish I never bought it.
GREAT GAME
Game sucks
Constantly Crashes and is littered with bugs. I can barely ever play it, how could the developers release this?
♥♥♥♥♥p2w.
best frozen screen simulator of what ever year this game was released
lol
i actually liked this game. but its cod so thumbs down
CANNOT EVEN PLAY MULTIPLAYER UNABLE TO VERIFY VAC STATUS GREAT GAME
I felt like playing sw
You had me at Rocket League with jump suits and future guns and ammo. I tried for 100.8 hrs to get this game to work and have finally given up like #kony2012 R.I.P. IN PEACE
i got this game and was wishing it would work for me without issues but i was dead wrong. First time i played it. The performance was so bad that my dog saw it, my dog died, killed by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. The frame rate was so low they thought they made this game for atari 2600. Actvision fixed this game or cut off the pc version. A baby can make a better game than you and that isnt a joke. im sad i cant refund this abomination because i bought it on disc.
What can I say... another disapointment in a long line of disapointments cashing in off the good cods like infinite warfare 1,2,3 , world at war and black ops 1. Stupid flying jetpacks and robotic suits are the order of the day, mix in some toxicity and you have a crap multiplayer. Another generic cod storyline. Only thing worth looking is zombies and that still gets tired pretty quick. Roll on destiny 2
Do not buy this game, it is completely dead as well as COD MWR. Both of these games were complete flops and you would have a better chance finding a match without internet than with it. They should give out mass refunds for this waste of money for anyone who bought it when it came out having high hopes. Refunds are needed.
worse call of duty ever wouldnt wish this game upon anyone.
Horrible! When I play online I can't get a single kill, everyone complains about the lag it's just so bad!
Played on the free weekend. I have an i7 7700k and 1080 gpu. Messed around with the settings, couldn't get the game to feel higher than 30fps :/ For an fps that is unacceptable.Not to mention another space jetpack type game, free scorestreaks aka combat rigs, bugs, hackers everywhere in just the few matches i played.I own every CoD game besides this one (what does that tell ya lol) but I will not support games like AW & IW..even Ghosts had a bad launch. Bo3 was okay. Hopefully WW2 will run smooth on PC and reunite the community!
terrible gameplay
Zombies you can wait for half an hour just to enter a match. Poor optimisation on PC
It's a game you can play
Bought this game purely to get Modern Warfare: Remastered, which didn't turn out to be good and later got released as a stand-alone game. Not worth it.
Too much unrealistic crap in just one game.
I can not even play this game, bacause i stuck in every loading screen which the game has to offer. The first CoD i bought in my life and i cant play it. Im disappointed.

its trash lmao
SUCKKKKKKKKKKKKS
Got this game as a gift, thank you Musood!! But only want it for the zombies lol.
Waiting for Steam to find a game so I can play takes entirely too long most days.   Some days I spend more time waiting to join a game than playing and some days  I am unable to play at all.  Steam must fix this to survive the gaming market.   Solutions:  Allow the user to sort thru a list of games and join without relying on Steam.   Allow games to begin with as little as two players.   Allow up to 30 players per game.   Get rid of Steam all together.
boring campaign and hackers in MP
This is an okay CoD game, I got it on a discount, but I wouldn't recommend it.Pros: Quick games-Action-not pay to winCons:exo suits-double jumps-hard to learn
COD 4 REMASTER的画质还真是提升了不少COD 13 IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T要不是捆一块儿才不买
Bad game, bad colors, lag issues even when I have gtx 1060 and really same to COD BO 3Dont buy this game , buy black ops 3 instead
I played it on the free weekend a couple of months ago. I haven't even bought the game and I feel disapointed
Way too many hackers that openly flaunt their cheating because there is no policing. Some of the kill/death ratios are so high that even a moron at Activision should be able to figure it out. Activision should set up matches based on the kill/death ratio so all the hackers could play each other and let the rest of us enjoy the game.
IW and Activision has done it again! They take a great game, and make sure they thrash the pc players as much as they can.As they promise things, they break their promises...One of the important things, like removing cheaters from the game, is a telltale on their coffee room while they are chocking on their coffee laughing...Sadly MWR could be a great addition, but cheaters are ruining the game, as they always are allowed to.Activision is a company who will take your money, and then slam the door in you face while flipping the bird at you.The games ( both Infinite and MWR ) is glitchy, unstable, bad ported, and run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ People have lots of frame drops, while constantly battling hackers and cheaters that seem to be given a red carpet to the entrance and welcomed in by IW and Activision.Do I recommend the game?No! Hell no!Do I recommend ANYTHING for Activision? No!! NO NO NO!!! Stay away from this company at all cost.
Steaming pile of hot garbage, Multiplayer is loaded with hackers.This game was developed and maintained intentionally to be redundant when the next call of duty is released.
Bought it for ZombiesSpend two hours going through a zombies game, complete bounties and about to finish level, game crashes, and you lose all progress you made, including the bounties. Sums this up perfectly.
Waste of Money from A to Z, not even worth 50 Cents. Console trash performance, running on i7 6800K, GTX 1080 and 16Gigs of Ram this Game stutters across the lines in the campaign.Cutscenes run with 3000-5000 FPS for the extra portion of GPU coile whine, FPS locked on 125.Even on 1080p, this game tends to load stuff during mid gameplay - all i can say this game, including ghosts and advanced warfare was made by complete â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥heads - no other words can describe this performance these games got.Lucky i got this trash game for 12â‚¬, wich still seems too much when looking onto its performance A YEAR AFTER RELEASE.I just wanted to play the campaign, thats it - but with this performance welcoming me from the very first second im playing im not sure if i can finish it.Every gad dang 5 meters im walking in this game FPS drop to 5, or even into complete freezes till this game has finaly finished loading its 10+ years old crap engine, just to do that again in the next 5 meters, like WTF IS THIS PERFORMANCE?
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
I am disgusted.
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game, not even worth the 10 bucks i paid.
As for the last few games from Advanced warfare the quality of Call Of Duty games has drastically declined like their player base and pre orders...No surprise as they listen to their Esports community more (0.5% players) compared to their biggest sales mugs US! (99.5% players)Either way i will never purchase another Call OF Duty game even if they become better games again!Not worth the time or money!!!
bad
This game came in a bundle with Modern Warfare Remastered. I played Infinite Warfare first, and immediatly disliked the game. I dont wanna go to space, fly space ships and shoot at droids instead of humans. I've been playing Modern Warfare non stop ever since. I'm not saying Infinite Warfare is a bad game, its just not for me. I prefer land based, human on human warfare.
Hey I would just like to say that the campain and zombies are much better than the multiplayer. Many people judge the entire game off the opinions of other people that only play the multiplayer. Other than that the campain is very good first time around but after that the quirks and twists are ruined (don't spoil it for anyone who plays it). The zombies is by far the best because you have a different sort of system where aswell as points you can use tokens to get other items. The zombies also include the same characters playing different roles and I feel like that makes you enjoy the different porsonalities. I would say this game is OK but by far not worth it 4/10.
9/11
I took advantage of the steam free weekend. The game was fun but became repetitive without being able to play anything but TDM. If they came out with a starter pack like Black Ops 3 did I would consider buying it but can't recommend full price.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa halp
Enjoying my .a.s.s. 4fps every 5 Minutes in Zombies, 11/10
Literally the worst game ever. I played two matches over the free weekend and I literally deleted it right then and there.
Why is this game hav so many negative review...I dont understand it! (kappa)best GamE 2K16 lul Â¯\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯
Stupid piece ofâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game.. Better optimized than black ops 3 but still sucks just as bad.. Moon boots, people turn into robo dogs? what the f*** is this? all you do is spawn run round corner pew pew pew dead..Don't even waste your time with it.. Go play Survarium instead its free to play, better hitbox, plays sorta the same but not quite as bad unless you have all the foreign idiots on your team who don't understand what DON'T USE SMOKE im trying to snipe from this bit means...Honestly its not really a game anymore its just a bathe in nuclear waste simulator because its toxic as hell and why is it so toxic? Because morons play it..
Since I got this as part of COD MWR I decide to try it, the whole 93 Focking gigs !!! 1st. SinglePlayer. I actually life Sci-fi themed games, so this COD has a decent ~9 hour long campaign, It's a classic COD Hollywood style, With over the top story, explosion etc, now minus the story of invasion that doesn't make sense and that all SDF are speaking with heavy Russian accent and that entire society SDF was made as brainless killing machine society (they really wanted you to kill without feeling quilty), with zero regards of their own human life (Which is huge b.u.l.l.s.h.i.t). The story is fine, not too good, not too bad, like average COD b.u.l.l.s.h.i.t., I do like how you can customize your loadout before the mission and that you have space dog-fight missions, that's a good stuff. 7/102nd. Multiplayer. I am not a fan of CoD MP, players jumping all around like kengurs, weapons without recoil, players who non stop sprint around the map and kill you with knife, not to mention opponet is running into you, you shoot him with your ASSAULT RIFLE and he takes all of those bullets and kills you with one single knife swing, For Fock Sakes... 5/103rd. Zombies. You get a ONE, a 1 single map for zombies, only one map unless you buy DLCs for more maps, 4 in total. The one that you get is 80s themed park... Activions trully decided to take a dump on their players and make fools out of them. 2/10FInal score 4.7/10 . What a joke of the game, I got it as a package of CoD MWR for which I payed 30€. CoD MWR is a far better game overall, only minus is, it doesn't not have zombies, then again neither does IW.
Trash Game. Lobby's only full on some TDM matches.Not to mention how dead it is on all other game types. Hit detection is 100x worse than on previous CoD titles and micro-transactions are literally keeping this game alive. Zombies is ok, but should stay as a Treyarch exclusive game mode. Nothing new or unique about this CoD unfortunately.Season pass doesn't make up for the lack of features this title has to offer.Overall 2/10 for me.Unless you like cussing 99 times out of 10 and probably breaking something in process, I guess this CoD is for you.As you can tell, I really hate this cod game. To the point where I pray to God that IW shut down it's studio for good and leave us with good memories such as CoD 4, and MW2.
i really wanted to like this game. I enjoyed the single player. It wasn't the worst thing in the world but it's not anything to brag about. I tried to play multiplayer. over 10 hours of my game was on me trying to love it so dearly as i loved the Black Ops 3 multiplayer, but this multiplayer fails. Now going to Zombies. Before the game came out Zombies looked beautiful and it was on release of the game. The game was outstanding and a fun, relaxing experience. But afterwards, i feel like they just gave up on DLC. Rave in the Redwoods was nothing more than mediocre and it went down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ real fast.The idea of each map are good and outstanding but the output comes with glitchy and choppy gameplay. I have an Intel Core i7-6700K CPU, 16 GB of RAM, and a GTX 1080 and the zombies maps still give you INPUT LAG! IT IS INSANE! UNTIL THEY FIX THIS, PLAYERS WILL NOT PLAY THIS GAME. But it's not like Activision has given a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their community to begin with. After Black Ops 2, they stopped worrying about content and focused only on the money.
Can't connect to online services.It's actually unplayable for me.RIP 13€, im glad I just bought a key so those fkrs don't get a penny.
Worst call of duty ever
I know what Im about to say is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t beacuse i havent played the game but the reason why I cant play the game is beacuse it crashes everytime i launch the campaing or multiplayer. Im shure that it isent beacuse of my pc specs cuz I have GTX 960 and an i5 7600. If someone knows why its not working send me a messega thx.
after last update game keep crashing
NO.
I played it during the free weekend in july. It's a mideocre space shooter. If it didn't have the CoD name attached to it and didnt cost 60 euros but lets say 5 euros, I might've bought it. But it does have the CoD name attached to it and it IS 60 ♥♥♥♥ing euros. Not to mention they held the re-mastered version of Call of Duty 4 randsome for this piece of mideocre crap. "Oh you want the CoD4 remastered? Yeah? Well okay, but only if you buy our newest turd. For 80 euros ofcourse."Dont buy it. ♥♥♥♥ Activison for releasing this as a Call of Duty game and ♥♥♥♥ Infinite Shitfare.
Ich habe das Spiel in den letzten 20min 5 mal neu gestartet weil es abgestürzt ist. Unter anderem weil ich die Grafik auf 59Hz gestellt habe
Don't even know how bad this game is, we all know people only bought it for MWR
Game had so much potential and just feel flat on its face with the lack of any real fixes since release.  They added in stupid things such as kill trading and than realized wow that was stupid maybe we shouldn't do that and removed it.  The net code is horrible when a person with a .6 kd is dominating people with twice the KD and hours on the game does that sound right to anyone else.... On the bright note they put in a huge amount of wasted camos NO one runs and calling cards that NO one uses those are really nice.  This game really could have changed a lot of things, i loved the movements, the way the gun's handle but the game has huge issues that kill all the good.  Bad/Con def outweights the Good/Pro
how do i get a refund for this waste of space game?
This game made me altf4 due to lack up thought. i would consider pong to be a more thought of game. horrible and regret the purchace.
When I was 18 I was a stereotypical socially awkward nerd. I had really♥♥♥♥♥♥luck with women and I was afraid of each and every girl I came across. I was a virgin as well. I had only kissed a couple girls, not much other than that to be honest. My best friend, Liam, always got women. He always told me that talking to girls was easy and not scary at all, just don't be a scared little dog and do it. I always wished I had his confidence. I asked for help to get a girlfriend/someone to ♥♥♥♥ so I wouldn't be a virgin finally. He said he'd help me, I was so damn happy and scared at the same time.So one day he decided to take me to a party he was going to. He was content on getting me laid finally. I was nervous as ♥♥♥♥. I had a few drinks and I saw a girl I thought was a solid 8/10. A little feral though. Liam saw me looking at her and laughed. I asked him what was funny and instead he pushed me into the same girl. I apologised and was freaking out. Liam came over and said "This here is my boy, he acts shy but he's a ♥♥♥♥ing god. Treat him right." and took off elsewhere. The girl giggled and told me her name was Olivia. Even though my autism kicked in and I was a complete idiot we hit it off. A guy she knew came over and told her to come have a smoke with him. She said yes as he grabbed her hand and started walking off. She asked me if I smoked, I have never but I said yes anyway cause I wasn't letting this dog take her away from me. I inhaled my first cigarette and naturally I had a coughing fit. They laughed but it was all good. 1 year after that party I was dating Olivia. She took my virginity and we hit it off. I started smoking more often because why not, life was good. I loved her more than I will anything. At least it was until Olivia dumped me. Olivia cheated on me with Liam. Multiple times. The love of my life and my best mate.I became immensly depressed and started chain smoking. At least a pack a day. I did this for a solid 7 months. One day I started to feel a pain whenever I took a deep breath. I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. I went to to doctor's to find out what was happening. I was so damn worried. My doctor said they'd call me with results after a short time.After a week my doctor called me up with some results. I was freaking the ♥♥♥♥ out at this point. The results were positive, I had stage 3 cancer. It had spread to my lymph nodes. It took nearly 2 months of chemotherapy to be cancer free.I beat cancer. Just for Call of Duty Infinite Warfare to give it back to me.
The single player mode of this game is actually pretty good. However, the multiplayer portion of the game is complete garbage. I also would not recommend buying this game even if you just want to play zombies. The zombies gamemode is decent at best. Overall, do not recommend
Why the ♥♥♥♥ does this game cost 60€ when it is filled with complete♥♥♥♥♥♥... bugs everywhere... the Rat in Shaolin shuffle is just a ♥♥♥♥ing wiggeling grey♥♥♥♥♥mouse like WTF!!... Why cant i get my money backkkkkk!!!
i enjoyed this game better when it was downloading
Has so many bugs and glitches that have never been fixed. Good story line though.
Once this game was available to play for a free weekend, I jumped on the opprotunity to play this game to join the hate hype with everyone else. Completely ignored the campaign mode and jumped straight into the multiplayer since I only had a few more hours left on a sunday before the game was no longer available. I have to say, I actually enjoyed the game more than Black Ops 3. Which isn't saying much because I still did not like it at all. What really made this bad was the fact that it took so long to get a lobby going, even on a free weekend. The only thing I could play was Free-For-All.We all know the future warfare has been beaten to death. Let's just hope the next installment will not be so bad.Also, the IW engine really needs a graphical upgrade. Call of Duty games are starting to look their age now.
Can't play multiplayer or zombies. The game gets stuck at the end of the 4th mission on Titan. What a waste of money
I rather play roblox than this...
Pure Sh*t :)
Best Refund Request simulator ever 9/11
Locked FPS, bad performance, bad gameplay (auto killing weapons and killing spree rewards) that bundeled with hackers.Bad game, don't buy.
Hacks and exploits run rampant, and nobody ever gets banned.
Dont buy this game too many aimbboter and mean people no one play hardcore ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME
The Stories behind the scenes, the designs, the characters, and of course our brilliant campaigns are always enjoyable.But the game itself is nothing without its terrible mutiplayer. It's a twitch game for sure, but I find the game more unbalanced than other other Call of Duty yet.They milked the futuristic genre dead now with Infinite Warfare. Black Ops 3 may have been an improvement, but this game  destroyed everything eles dear. And this was all because of Advanced Warfare.Sure, this game looks amazing, but in the end it felt terrible to see what it became after you beat that amazing campaign. That was it, a solid amount in the campaign.
If you want to play multiplayer, don't buy this game. The multiplayer is so♥♥♥♥♥♥that The Emoji Movie looks good in comparison.If you wany to play zombies, don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ BO3 is so much better, and has custom maps.2/10
I tried out this game during the free weekend. The singleplayer was unavailable in the free weekend if you didn't own the game, but much of the multiplayer was available. That means this review is not a review of the singleplayer, as I have no idea how it plays. It could be good, it could be bad. Who knows?The controls are easy to learn, the game runs well on my PC, the graphics are quite good, and the loadout system is pretty easy to figure out. Combat is also pretty fun, and it feels like there's a pretty decent balance. It's not anything like the original Call of Duty games that I actually grew up with (aside from the name and the fact that they're first person shooters), but that's not necessarily a bad thing, in my opinion. Overall, this game is a pretty solidly made game that I enjoyed playing.This game has several issues I just cannot forgive. I'm not complaining about the lack of features in the free weekend version, by the way - it's a demo, after all, and the developer can lock away whatever features they feel is best as long as I can at least get a decent taste of the game, which I did.Let's start with the first issue that I saw right away: . About one in every three games, I got matched either with or against a hacker. If I got matched against a hacker, there was nothing I can really do aside from either die over and over from instant headshots as I step outside, only to watch the killcam snap to my face. If I got matched with a hacker, the game isn't fun, either, as it stops being a game when you can't actually lose. This is all because this guy decided that ruining the game for other people was more fun than playing the game that time. This isn't the only game that has hacker issues, of course, but I find it pretty annoying that I have to put up with this crud, and it makes me less likely to give money to Activision for this game.Now for the second issue: . This may not even be a fault of the game, but it's an annoyance. The only game type I could get matched in is the team deathmatch gametype. Everything else was empty or next to empty, including free for all deathmatch. Why even bother having those be options if nobody plays them?And here's magic number three: . Just getting even matched in this game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but sometimes I'll get an error immediately upon getting matched (error connecting to host I think?), and I'll immediately get kicked to the main menu. In fact, I might get this several times in a row before getting a game. This is very infuriating, especially given that there was nothing else to do in the demo.When the game works, it's great and I actually have fun. I have few complaints about the gameplay, but the gameplay itself isn't why I'd turn down this game. It's the other issues that make this game impossible for me to want to buy much less recommend.If you stumble upon this game during a free weekend, I recommend giving it a try. It's worth playing when it actually works.
this game runs like trash, frame drops and NOT due to my hardware
WHEN I TRY TO PLAY IT IT CRASHES EVERY SINGLE TIME USLESS
very unrealistic would not recomend
Garbage.
i gotta first say this game is not bad. the graphis (i cant spell) are beutemus. but then there the glithces. first there the outside the map glitches. then there the glitches where you cant even get into the game. so i was playing iw (well was trying) and i get the update requires restart. thats normal. i go back into the game it gives me another update requires restart. so i exit the game. IT KEEPS GOING. the same day the new dlc came out (yesterday the 7th) it kept going. sooooooooo infinity ward if you see this fix your crap. oh and the weapon balencing not as bad as aw but still nv4 is all you see in lobbys. if you see a nv4 on the ground in hard core LEAVE IMMIDETLY
if this game was suicide, I would actually chose not to kill myself
On consoles it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ On PC it's white, crusty weeks old♥♥♥♥♥♥ And I'll bet my left nut the WWII CoD will be just as bad!
Game is a joke, while i understand there is a vast number of combinations of systems, this is first game I've ever bought that won't run properly. Running an Windows 10 Prof. (X64) Ryzen 7: 1700 / GTX-1080 /32 GBs Ram, system.Sudden PPS drops are both common and drastic, game points toward console opt, have dropped to FPS of 1-2.Activision needs to get its act together or COD series will be considered a joke!At this cost point of game this is unacceptable, game is ported toward consoles not PC's need I say more, if you (Activision) plan on keep producing games for PC you need to draw a line between consoles and PC's and make different games for each system.Had a chance to play new WWII COD on friend's PC, as this game, why should one have to mess with clean boot features, or system settings to get game running, this is Actvision's  job in developing and testing to remove bugs, not mine, While patch updates have come for this game, none addresses the major issue of proper game Opt. for PC.Sad as was looking forward to getting new Call of Duty WWII as trailers look great, but after playing Beta on-friend's PC as didn't want to waste my download cap to load on my PC, see same Opt. issues as exist in this game.Your lack of response to large amount of  gamers asking for proper Opt. for PC go unheeded, as well as providing some form of preventing the massive hacking in MP Activision produces useless game patches.and shows  complelte lack of care and concern once the gamer's money is taken, and in your pocket to properly update and correct game Opt. issues. Sorry Actvision, you won't rake in any more $$ from me in the future, your total lack of updates in response to player's repeated requests for proper  Opt. for PC problems and FPS show complelte lack of care and concern once the gamer's money is taken, and in your pocket to update and correct game issues.So sad to see COD series die like this due to such an extreme lack of being Opt. for PC, and some form of hacking prevention, even worse for a game at this price point.Past older COD series were Opt., designed and ported for PC, now seems Activision is too cheap to port to both PC and console, RIP COD .
worst game ever.
i cant even get this game to go past the home screen ever since i bought it contacted technical support still havent heard back its been three days so dissapointed
This game, blows
For multiplayer, buy Battlefield 1, or whatever comes next. For zombies, buy this, BO3 w/ DLC, or WW2. Don't subject yourself to this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer.For reference, 1k people play this game on PC, and 20k people play BF1 on PC.
Juststop cod
this game is good on xbox but whe i try to play it on pc their is no picture and it vrashes also it is so laggy it. i went on zombies and multiplayer and their was no puture on both of them andwhen i joined a game  i couldn't see ANYTHING ONLY A BLACK SCREEN !!!!!!
Worst multiplayer game ever, but zombie mode is ok
♥♥♥♥
multiplayer has and will continue to suffer on the PC platform without dedicated servers. Takes too long to find a game and when I do, the lag is straight up unmanageable. Campaign is fine, it's always fine, but I haven't been able to enjoy multiplayer on here ever. Zombies is the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ REALLY great zombie maps but horrible connections !
Game crashes all the time when trying to get into a game and I have a high end computer with the latest parts. This isn't the first call of duty that does this. I had a few computer and it crashes on all of them. Never buy this series for PC only consoles
Let's start with campaign. In short its one of the best cod campaigns i have played. Way better than Bo3's campaign. Multiplayer isnt as fun as Bo3. It feels stale to me for some reason. Zombies its fun to an extent. I have put some time into the zombie maps that have come out and it doesnt last for me as much as ive hoped. Maybe if they put a bit more effort overall it could have been a good game.
I dont Recommend this game if your an OG COD Fan. Plus I Want No more futuristic COD Games Any More. And Also GET RID OF SUPPLY DROPS
story is ok but multiplayer sucks...
This game was fun for a short time. But you'd be lucky to A) Get it working, B) Start the game and not have an update every single time, C) Have it not crash when it starts or somewhere in the menus, D) Not finally get into a lag-fest of a game just to be met by a load of hackers and trolls and E) Not have to put up with their completely pathetic, cancerous "community" of trolls. No, this game is not worth buying. I honestly would like my money back, because let alone the game being completely full of hackers that don't get punished/banned even when brought to light, and trolls who spew racism or other highly offensive B.S and once again, don't get punished, you just can't even play the game. I know it was supposed to be in beta stage, but that's no excuse, there's just so many problems that don't get fixed, it's a miracle anyone would even consider buying this. But if you're looking at reviews because you want to know if it's worth buying... no, definitely not. Save yourself the bother, put the money to better use.
complete garbage. not even gonna waste my time writing an actual review.
I play COD for the plot.
I bought the Digital Delux Edition of this game as i had high hopes Infinity Ward would make a rather enjoyable CoD game and in all honesty half of it is and half of it isn't. The multiplayer is the almost same as BO3 but with different gadgets and weapons. The servers are sh** and half the time i can't get into games for some reason, besides multiplayer is pretty much dead now and you rarely find maches. Zombies are a nice change from the previous CoD games as it take a much lighter and comedic approach to it but it gets boring after some time so in all honesty zombies are a meh. The campaign now is actually really fun, it has many cool features following the space theme of IW and it is well executed so a thumbs up for this one. Lastly the optimization and performance. Oh boy let me tell you the optimization is garbage. It crashes a lot, has low framerates but that is also dependant on hardware but the worst is that for me the game has become unplayable due to it freezing whenever i try to play a game of anything or when i try to change any of the options.Scores:Campaign 8/10Zombies 6/10Multiplayer 3/10Optimization 6/10Graphics 7/10Community 0/10(doesn't exist)Overall the game is only worth for the campaign and zombies in spaceland so if you decide to get this game, wait for a sale and grab the base game.
After taking a break from CoD for a few years I decided to try it out during the Multiplayer weekend...... Couldn't even get into a game without the game crashing. I hope WWII is better on PC this year.
This game has the worst optimization problems, nice 3 fps at average
Titanfall 2 is better than this sci-fi shooterBelieve me
This is by far the worst game in the series, the physics are just laggy and broken feels like I'm playing an indie 15fps ♥♥♥♥ fest, Somehow they managed to make the spawn system even worse than the predecessors which before now I thought was utterly impossible.  If they didn't spend 90% of the development time and resources on making ♥♥♥♥♥♥ low quality cosmetics, maybe the series wouldn't have died at the hands of these ♥♥♥♥ing ape devs.
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄Infinite▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░ ░░░░▄warefare▄░░░░░░░░░
The only good thing about the multiplayer is that it works, unlike Black Ops 3 which just crashes. As for gameplay I'm not sure how Activision manages to make the game worse every time but it's quite an achievement. Every new CoD game is more random, less skill based and more ridiculous.
game sucks i played once just for youtube and it sucked... DO NOT BUY IT!
Why do I continue to support this dying franchise? It literally burns a hole in my wallet every year.
Call of Duty as a whole as just got worse as they come out, its a dying fire that the companies dont wanna put out. Sometimes the previous games were fine to play for free on the free weekends, after a free weekend of Infinite warfare, someone would have to pay me, to play this game again. Its awful and not worth the play even if I was gifted it for free.
the  game  does not look as  in ps4  in many features.
Its broke lmao
sucks period
worst game ever and should not be considered a call of duty.
Honestly? The game would've stood a bit better if it wasn't a Call of Duty game. The Story at times seemed to make little sense (i.e. 2 characters would be at odds with each other but within 1 mission (Ignoring the side missions you can do) would be best buddies, which seems unlikely to really happen). The Gameplay seemed to feel like the enemies were either too easy to shoot, or bullet sponges for your ammo.The story did have some interesting moments (which I won't spoil in this), but there were also moments where a "critial" plot moment felt like a movie cliche in how it was telegraphed to the player. The Jackal missions were fun at first, but they seemed to become very repetitive with each iteration of the mission, while the Stealth aspects they tried to add in seemed to be done sub-par, being very easy to miss a melee and cause the whole room to be alerted to you.The Multiplayer was very unbalanced, with people being able to spawn trap you (if done correctly) other players and became very stale after a few matches.Overall, the game had some good moments but felt more of the same from Advanced Warfare, but with more elements done far worse than expected.
The Zombies mode is pretty decent but would prefer to be able to launch a game with less than 4 players because most of the time it takes too long to find 3 other players, attack of the radiated is missing despite its score thing etc being in the leaderboards do i have to complete the campaign or something to unlock this one i have the 3 other maps, talking of the campaign the first mission was fine but onwards from that serious lagging and continuous loading every 10-60 seconds seriously makes me not want to play it which is annoying as i like playing campaign modes, i cant compare this to advanced warfare as ive not played that but it seems different to modern warfare 1-3, talking of modern warfare the modern warfare remastered multiplayer mode is stuck at 0% loading something at the main menu right after restarting after upgrade, some of the IW multipler games are so messed up like i could barely get a shot at anyone or emptying entire clips on them and nothing they would comeup and 1 pop me sometimes clearly without a bullet or anything even hitting me which is incredibly annoying often makes me think like this game has no control over hackers and didnt put enough effort into the actual game in general seriously hoping WWII isnt this bad especially after seeing the latest multiplayer footage video which literally looked like BF1 footage, would like to see a MW2 remastered and maybe a Black Ops 1 Remastered, but glad this side has ventured into Zombies as that along with Aliens in Ghosts is my favourite feature meaning i normally ignore games like MW, AW and this.
Garbage.
im glad there was a free weekend so i didnt have to buy the game, it gave a chance to test it and see how i felt about it and i wanna say this game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥the saddest part being multiplayer where there are little to no maps at all and the maps feel way too small compared to previous CoD'sCoD BO3 has better graphics than this garbage because it doesnt look like it was made on unreal enginethis game feels cheaply made and if anything Infinity Ward probably spent more money on the trailers than the actual gamealso the menu for me anyways lags way too much and it takes too long to even navigate anywhere
Bought game during free weekend one of the few reasons being the "Valve Anti-Cheat System". Wish I didn't buy as it appears no system is in place. GG VALVE. P.S.I pray this is seen by someone from valve or IW as I've noticed I'm not the only one complaining about this problem, could be an amazing game but severely let down by a sour community and lies from both companies.
not good
THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥
I played the free multiplayer over the weekend for a full 1.8 hours. Throughout my time playing, I've found that this game isn't very enjoyable. I would much rather play Black Ops 3 as that game is way better by far. To me, the graphics are better and Infinite Warfare even has health bars/indicators for some reason?!? On my third game I played, I got placed with a hacker which wasn't very fun. Also, since this game sucks so bad and no one plays it, half the time the lobbies were very small. If you plan on buying this game..... DON'T it will be a waste of your time and money.
Single player review? Let's just say this, the Infinite Warfare campaign was far better than the Black Ops 3 campaign.BUT don't let this game fool you. I played 1 hour, I went to mission 2 and I published a quick review. Mostly to inform new buyers not to buy this game. What lazy and dumb developers Activision/Infinity Ward are that they had the balls to release this game on Steam. Game is unoptimized. I get 11 - 21 FPS in cut-scenes/walking around/quick time events (sometimes even 6 FPS during certain levels)... Let's just say everywhere. I'm not even on High settings and I even pass the minimum requirements.Even though had to restart the game multiple times each mission to get better FPS, I beat the campaign. It took me around ~ 10 hours to complete the campaign including all of the side quests (22 main missions and 9 side quests). It probably took longer than needed due to all the low FPS parts.Ethan is the best supporting character in the campaign.Fixes for FPS:- Messing with NVIDIA Control Panel (you can actually turn off V-sync and get over 100 FPS).-- Update 1: I think the issue is respawning when you have died. I went from 50 - 60 FPS in 1 area, I died and then I dropped to 16 FPS again when I respawned at a checkpoint. So because of this, whenever you die I suggest you quit the game entirely (aka to your desktop) and relaunch the game to regain that 50 - 60 FPS.Cons;- Game is unoptimized. I get 11 - 21 FPS in cut-scenes/quick time events.- If you quit the game (aka back to the desktop), the game will still appear in the background processes. When you close the game from the background processes and if you reopen the game, it will ask if you want to run the game in 'Safe Mode.'- You can't tab out, not even in fullscreen borderless.Tips:- You can easily miss 4 achievements during the campaign called 'Captain’s Log, Reality TV, You Know Nothing & Peace to the Fallen.' Try and watch a guide about them before so that you know in the future where to look.- Pick up every weapon. They're like 'collectibles.'- Upon starting the game, be sure to preloading/precache the shadows. If you don't you will receive server timeout messages when entering a match in multiplayer and who knows what it will do in Single Player if you don't have it (probably 5 FPS and longer load times).- When in a 11 - 21 FPS zone and you try to low quality, etc to get better FPS in that area. You need to restart your game with almost every video setting change.----Multiplayer review?It's Advance Warfare 2.0 or Black Ops 3.5.Jet-packs mostly ruin it. No one asked for this. It lacks skill.You WILL be spending most of your time in lobbies. Mostly everyone is playing either TDM or HC TDM.Cons;- You can only find SnD in the 'Moshpit' game mode. Pretty ridiculous if you tell me. IW is now a instant turn off now.- IW is filled with Activision’s greed. Microtransactions up the bum hole.- No dedicated servers, all peer to peer host connections like normal CoD.- It has 0 Steam integration whats so ever in-game. When I click on a player names, it should have the option to go to that users Steam profile (like how Xbox and PlayStation has one to go to a users 'gamercard/profile).'----Do NOT buy this game. Even if it's on sale for $10 or $19.99.
lort
i dont really like the futeristic stuff but if u do u will definatly enjoy this game. :)
Please help i have just got this and it is unplayable it is very laggy.my laptop is a lenovo ideapad 310 intel core i5
ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy not bad m8s
very bad
Not fun. :c
Purchased this game back in December. Played multiplayer immediatly and was flooded with hackers. I really wanted to enjoy this game.Wait months to see if infinity ward fixes cheat problem. Come maybe once a month to no avail.finally fed up ask steam for refund.Steam - You have played for more than 2 hours, No refund.Me - I waited for lobbies to open, had to deal with game crashes, and dealt with hackers and other major issues for months that wound up to give me up to 9 hours of play time. I have had absolutly no good time playing this game. Can't get a refund for a game that was broke from the start and has got worse over the last 7 months. BUT HEY YOU CAN PLAY WITH BOTSAND ZOMBIES BUT ITS SO BADLast time I give a DIME to any call of duty game without a solid month of good reviews and I know for a FACT that servers actually work and have an anti cheat system. I am out 70$ and I am upset with steam for not understanding why I ask for a refund.
Worst game I've played
not good work call of duty dont buy this game tommy xdeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Games Dead so I would say no unless you like playing with bots.
no
look like garbage despite having the game maxed out.
Boring as hell, played one round and went back to Battlefield.
Pay to Win.U Not Pay,U never Win.-10/100
They should make Infinite warfare 10 dollars on steam so that people will actually buy it, and so we can actually have a player base to play with. It sucks when you buy a game and there's nobody to play it with. even if you just sold a version with multiplayer I would gladly buy it.
waited 1 hour n couldn't find a match
do not buy this game. the campaign sucks. you cant find any multiplayer matches. the only reasons why i downloaded it during the free weekend is for gungame with bots. i love gungame with bots. but thats about it. do not buy this game. its terrible. and now since modern warfare remastered is sold seperatly. you really have no reasons to buy this game
Pay to win not recommended too many overpowered variants. (Multiplayer)
Doesn't even work. I would hate to have actually paid money for this.
The stutter/lag in multiplayer makes it unplayable, high and low settings makes no differance, also cheaters are present as well. single player is ok.cpu 4460gpu 980ti ram 16gbssd drivevirgin media 300Mbps internetDo not buy this game
Its ok i guess there was alot of players.To bad EveryThing Is Robots It Was Kind Of Disapointing And Jet Packs 6.5/10
This game sucks :(
Just keeps Crashing....
worse than the emoji movie
XD
hj
Worst Game In the COD Series
Bad
Futuristic, not something we requested. Also, graphics are very good, BUT the game is too futuristic. Please don't make anymore games..
just another joke wouldnt take it for free anymore
Now thats a supply drop.
Now thats a supply drop.
meh
Very boring game, wont recommend
This game is broken
Did the free weekend. Glad it was free as i would not pay money for this.
The game feels bland. It's not that the game is bad, but the competition is better.
sh!t game sh!t optimization
I bought this game because i'm an idiot.Don't be an idiot.Actually need to wait until the game loads the sahdwos!!! WTFFF it's take 40min to finish on 4790K 980Ti System What an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game do yourself a favor, do not BUY THIS GAME!!!
Honestly enjoyed the story(On PS4 i couldn't even get this to load once it "Preloaded Shaders") but lack of guns was bland, zombies was eh and didnt get to play multiplayer.Stick to any of the "classic" CoDs over this.
I tried to play on the free weekend and it kept crashing. It's a good thing I had some patience with it and kept trying until I got fed up in 30 minutes. I would not recommend buying this at all.
1) Wouldnt let me play Multiplayer, Zombies, or Campaign during free weekend.2) Started a private match and got 15-25 fps, as well as a laggy server.Would compare this disaster on the scale of Batman: Arkham Knight
This is soooooo CoD it hurts. Its all about super fast nigh-recoilfree blasting around with future tech in a future world with no new methods just faster ones. And a real Dead MP.Nothing really new. nothing breathtaking. Nothing worthwhile.Gimme Back united Offensive and Stuff !
I'm not saying this becuase i'm copying everyone else, however this game is horrible, it's a complete copy of Black Ops 3 not reccomended
Dont get this♥♥♥♥♥♥ What a waste of money.
Wont Download
This game is♥♥♥♥
Long story short, this game is awful, but this game is also fun and intertaining. but when the game is glitchy and unoptimize, i have to ask myself. "Do they really think they can turn a profit by selling us a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port of the consoles?" if you do want this game dont get it unless its 20$ or less, IW isnt even worth 10$ to me
I want my free back
Super slow gameplay compared to the console version, controls are akward and alot more stuff that makes it bad.10/10 just because of exo jumps
This is an amzing game :)
it would not play useing the free verision to test
Ok, I wanted to try this game while it had free weekend.I guess the game is fun, but I can't say, because I couldn't even play it.The game looks good, the UI is great, the soundtrack isn't bad.I started the game, I knew it would have problems, but I didn't know the game would start by crashing at the class making screen. So I said to myself:"Give the game couple more chances." So I started the game again. I made a class. I entered a public match, the game found a lobby for me. The map was loading and BAAM, another crash. So I asked myself:"Why am I not reading the anime visual novels that I love and have in my library and I mean I always can play CS:GO right?" I promise I will never touch this game again.By the way, even if I am not on my main computer (GTX 970;i7 3770), my other computer shouldn't have problems with running this game (GTX 960;i5 6400)
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
Just as bad as people say it is. Luckly I did not pre ordered this game like I did with other years or stay up late to purchase it when is was released. I do not recommend this game to anyone. It went as bad as Doom did when they had bouncing players. To top it off the offer to play weekend until 10am Monday was not honored. Tried playing on Sunday at 6 pm CST. expired .So so bad
Miss leading title. Ran out of warfare.
Definitely a mixed bag of game enjoyment for me. Warning: this review will contain SPOILERS Heres the things that were okay for me:-Campaign was actually something different meaning it actually tried to get you attached to characters because in the end they all get killed off including the main character himself. This was something that actually took me off guard which i actually liked about the story. Now is the story great? not really its pretty predictable because it follows the same "theres terrorists and we must eliminate the terrorists" kind of story, although the terrorists were a threat as like i said most of the characters you meet get killed off. The villian of this game was not very strong, they build him up like he is some intimatdating force to reckoned with but when you get to kill him it ends up being very underwhelming and just a "thats it?" kind of feeling. As far as gameplay, it was pretty alright with some cool weapons to use and you also get jackal missions which were a blast to play through. You also get to choose your own missions which gives you some choice but still linear. Overall, the campaign wasnt actually that bad not really the best but still you should give it a chance.-Last thing i liked was zombies, the zombies is pretty fresh while keeping some of the same aspects of treyarch zombies, just infinity ward put their own little twist on everything. Zombies in Spaceland is the only map ive put time into as i havent really bought the season pass to obtain the other maps but is it an enjoyable map? Absolutely in my opinion i had a good amount of fun out of this map and enjoyed the whole theme park aspect as well as the 1980s vibe since i myself enjoy a lot of stuff from the 80s. Weapons are great to use and lots of secrets to uncover within this map plus pee wee herman is the villain in this zombies storyline as the mysterious Willard Wiler it cant get any better than that. Overall the zombies mode that infinity ward made was a pretty good effort at being new and fresh but not completely messing up the aspects that make zombies really fun.What i disliked:Multiplayer....Multiplayer in this game is the worst ive ever played in a COD game by far. First of all, there is no anti cheat system in this game so if youre a hacker you'll feel right at home because those are the only players that exist literally no fair players and is the main reason why people dont play multiplayer on the PC version plus hackers do nothing but create toxicity claiming you need to GIT GUD when they need to GIT GUD and turn off the script kiddie hacks. Secondly the weapons actually can prove to be pretty ridiculous especially when you get the powerful variants, theres guns that can literally one shot you without requiring aim or just blindly fire and you'll get a kill with 0% accuracy im overexaggerating of course but the balancing is just terrible and just laughable that the developers thought they were balancing anything they even allowed a sniper with a built in aimbot which i know is patched now but still wtf is going on in testing? The multiplayer also feels very uninspired like it merely just copied the same exo movement crap but somehow made it very clunky and slow. There is also a ton of lag issues as well causing some kills to not even happen but some dude will just kill you from across the map. Overall, Infinity Ward really failed hard on this mulitplayer especially for PC players because still no anticheat really?Infinite Warfare has some okay things that dont make it such a terrible game but still this was pretty much a waste to make with the backlash it got over futuristic stuff still being a thing in COD. I feel like if anything COD WWII should have came out instead of this game since COD WWII looks a lot more insteresting and back to roots like everyone wants even the zombies looks ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Should you still buy this game however, it really depends on if you like the things i liked in this game, Campaign and zombies, dont like either then this will surely disappoint you. 6/10
oh my god terible gameplay,like i cant play 10 min without crashing and the comunity is so toxic and diveded in to 2 groupsthe mp50000+ and the casual people.Like one dude jump then slide and in the end drop shots me like tryharding as♥♥♥♥♥
no
Playing via PC. Game has no volume whatsoever. Headset/speakers plugged in properly, messed with the in game audio controls checked my computer audio to see if something wasn't working with this game... I'm at a loss, not only time, but for buying this for $29.99 and it doesn't even work properly... Refund please?
Not as good as most the COD games
Terrible. Just terrible. If you want something like this, but better, go play Titanfall 2 on Origin. Hell, go play Black Ops 3 on Steam, for â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ sake. Just stay away from this, save yourself.
worst game i have ever played
pretty gay tbh(edit) I mean, not exactly gay, more like homosexual(re-edit) No offense to the LGBTQ+ community
Whatever they have changed Call of Duty to now is nothing like the Call of Duty people remember. Which is okay, but why not put this under a new IP? Its not terrible, but it certainly isn't what the series is about (in terms of multiplayer). I would probably pay 10 to 15 dollars for this game if the player base was still alive, but its not. When the player base is more alive in MW2 on PC than this, something is wrong.
Installed.Intro video laggs.Call of Duty not responding.Call of Duty not responding.NVIDIA optimized the game to the lowest settings.Call of Duty not responding.Safe mode - on. Borderless window.Joining match.WTF IS GOING ON???Is this Titanfall? Is this Dead Space? Is this Warframe?Where is the old Call of Duty?...
Trash.
Crap, same old. walk round the corner let loose on some♥♥♥♥♥♥ it dies. Rinse and repeat, you die. lol. ♥♥♥♥ off COD. Boring , period.
crashed 4 times in  about 30 mins luck i didnt buy this♥♥♥♥♥
This game is very poorly designed and I don't like it. Especially with the jetpacks and wallrunning, They've ruined call of duty's. I wouldn't recommend anyone getting this game,it's total trash and bad. Graphics aren't that good either.you can't play zombies or campaign. It's only multiplayer which kinda sucks.
What a terrible game.  Hackers and smurfs everywhere.
sad...
Not great
Played this game for 10 minutes, worst 10 minutes of my gaming experience. My other 3 hours were from "Preloading Shaders" which was more fun than the actual game.10/10 would preload againIm going back to Roblox.
This game has a way to steep learning curve, and seem impossible for newbies. Some weapons have a huge blast radius making it impossible to hide from impact unlike more realistic games.
I tested out this game.  Would only do the parts that go to playing the game.  I ended up deleting it because I thought it's actions were saying my system was not good enough.  Since I have looked up my processor which is an Inel Core i5-4460 CPU @ 3.20 GHZ.  And the Video Card is a Nvidia Gforce  GTX  970.  I updated the video driver and cleared my machine after the initial test and it worked better on the pass through but never into the game even then.  I am wondering if I am missing something or if it's something else.  This will be the only Call Of Duty game I don't have because of this.  Glad I found this out before buying it!  Recommend only if you check it first, but will put a no in the review.
Horribly optimized and crashes like heck, first COD i have not bought in years
Extremely scientifically innacurate. I got angry because mars doesnt have mars gravity and when using bombs on spacestations, it does not cause explosive decompression. also if you have these super advanced soldier robots, why not use them instead of all these fleshy humans. It doesnt make sense. Also the gameplay is bad. I will go back to playing KSP RSS+RO
I got this for free and I still want a refund of my time.
This is so♥♥♥♥♥
Tried to play this weekend ...Regular disconnects, horrible...
Installed, 10x option change = 10x freeze, 10x trying to play = 10x freeze, uninstalled
It was not that fun, too complex when i first started.
Tried the free weekend, dear god was this game dull as all hell. I havent played a COD game since Black ops 2 on the 360, and it feels like this franchise has begun a spiral into death. Do yourself a favor and try Titanfall 2 instead of this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
After playing it for quite a long amount of time during the weekend,I can say that the game is trash.After the time I've spent here I wanted to refund..It's a shame I cannot do that,even though I didn't buy it
This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash even for free i would rather play chess that this lol...
Well I'm thankful for the free weekend So I know not to buy this game. Black screen at startup and freezes. I tried the antivirus fix others mentioned and no luck sadly.
This game sucks. Activision, just drop call of duty already. This is ridiculous.
Took me 1 and a half hours to Download for free weekend, Took me 15 minutes of gameplay to uninstall
So I downloaded this game while it was having a free weekend, and I'm very glad I didn't spend any money on this broken peice of garbage. when I started the game, I noticed it was capped at 50 fps, so I went into the settings to cap it to 60. I changed the setting from 50 to 60, the game froze and then crashed. I restart the game. I go into settings again to turn motion blur off. The game froze and crashed again. Restart. Now I tried to enter a public match. I click on find game and a prerendered cinematic plays. Guess what happened? It crashed. I reload the game again, this time in safe mode. I skip the cinematic and puts me onto the multiplayer UI. I searched for a game and not only did it take forever for the map to "load", but the game crashed before I actually got to play anything. I tried this again and got the same result. After that, I even tried looking up fixes online, but at that point I decided that if I need to look up how to make a game work properly, its not worth playing. Do not get this broken peice of garbage.
The last call of duty I ever bought was Black ops 2, purely because they abandonded everything that made this franchise amazing. This game is no exception. I played for a few hours on the free weekend and it didnt even feel like COD anymore. Surely theyre newest installment come november will be worse, and more pay to win nonsense. It's very disappointing.
I try to give it a try during free weekend, it was a mistake. Main menu freezing at each action and if you want to switch any video setting you will need to restart your game again and again. Bad gameplay the gunfighting is horrible and so on. I was expecting this game to be terrible but still im shocked by how bad this game actually is. Im giving it a good 1/10
Game crashes before I can even get into a multiplayer game, this game is the best if you wanna see how the refund process works.
The first match I joined had a hacker in it.To quote another review, "I played this on the free weekend. I still feel robbed."Also it crashed and blackscreened my PC until I opened task manager when I tried to close it.
Had fun preloading shaders, getting killed by aimbot and uninstalling.
$60 game with a pay to win business model. Enough said IMO.
Tried to get into a game for an hour, and it kept crashing.
Crashes waaaayy too much! Couldn't even test out the free mp weekend... First crash was while choosing the rig. Second was before joining team deathmatch. I run games like GTAV, Titanfall 2, Dishonored 2 with no problems. I actually enjoyed the campaign and mp on the PS4. Not sure why it's giving me problems on my PC, which has better specs than what's required. i7-6700@3.4GHz, GTX 1070, 16GB RAM, 144hz monitorBust!
This game is literally unplayable it crash every 2 minutes.
So I decided to give Call of Duty a try during its free to play weekend. I never got to experience the gameplay because the game has so many problems when trying to load a match or even change settings (Video, Audio, Keybinds, Mouse Sensitivity, ETC) My PC is overquialified to play this game if that is crossing anyones mind. (GTX1080Ti, 1800x AMD processor, 16GB RAM, Asus Crosshair VI Hero, 500GB M.2 SSD + other hardrives, coolers... ETC). I am so diapointed to have spent time downloading 50GB+ on a game that does not even work and has been out for over 9 months. It is no wonder this game has a negative rating.. My guess is that they only cater to the consoles (PS4, Xbox).... I do not recommend anyone buy this game unless you want to spent a lot of time being aggrovated trying to get the game to work... When you buy a product it should work, instead not give you a headaches and aggrovation.
Don't. Just don't. If you're actually thinking about spending money on this game, a single trip to your favorite Restaurant is going to be more fun than this game could ever provide.
Impossible to alt-tab, causes a black screen.Performance is bad - 90 fps on a GTX 1070, stuttering and frame drops, with settings on medium to low-ish.Matchmaking is bad, queues take almost as long as matches do, and you get matched against people with hunderds of hours in the game.Level design is ok.Movement seems fluid-ish, so are gun mechanics.Couldn't find an option to change scoped-in mouse sensitivity, otherwhise seems like decent settings. There is an FOV option, which is my biggest gripe with a lot of other FPS games.Overall I can't recommend this game to anyone, it has too many issues with performance and matchmaking.
Crash on crash and Activision never learn how to make a good game
Game doesn't work on startup, only other time this has happened on my PC was with Black Ops 3 lol; garbage developers.
It crashed me 3 timesin in 15 minutes. I can not start a single match. No other game have done me this problem and I have played so much free weekend games. You have some problem with this game, Activision,
Game keeps crashing trying to download updates.
Nibba this game is worse than aids
Review is based on the Multiplayer Free Weekend.TL;DR: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer is garbage and completely unoptimized.If there ever was a game to go below my already very low expectations, it was COD:IW. Seriously though, it's impressive that a game can be so poorly optimized that it goes below the low bar. The first five to ten minutes of the game are for it to "Preload Shaders", while the next five minutes are spent restarting it because it doesn't update through the Steam client, but instead updates within the game using Activision's servers or whatever.Unlike Black Ops 3, which doesn't allow you to click on Campaign or Zombies if you only have the MP available, IW has the option readily available for your disappoinment. Maybe they thought it would've been a good marketing strategy?The multiplayer is stuttery and laggy, even when playing a custom game with yourself and two teams of bots. Unlike many other reviewers, I was fortunate enough to not have any crashes. But due to the sheer number of reviews with that issue, I think it's safe to assume that you might experience that for yourself. The only good thing to come out of this is that most of the weapon and scorestreak variants are obtainable without microtransactions.In conclusion: Infinite Warfare is a slow, unoptimized pile of garbage that brings shame even to Ghosts. I can't say anything about the campaign or zombies, but the multiplayer is not an enjoyable experience. While Ghosts may not have been a good game, I was at least able to have fun.
i loved this game before the update now its stupid really beacause its 12,500 coins to get almost any character sorry but no im done playing now updates before i got over them u made ruckus look like a girl noway way to far c'mon man make this game better plz sincearly, your friend hottamalesman
played 3 games. 1-2 hackers in each game. Framerate drops, clunky controls and gameplay 0/10
cod is nice game but black ops 3 and iw re not good we want wwII back
Downloaded for the free weekend. It freezes and crashes every time I try to play it. Won't let me play Call of Duty so 10/10.. perfect game.
game freezes up its not worth playing   i am ussing a 8350 amd cpu and a gtx 960 4gb  over clocked graphics card  and 990 fx killer fatatility board and have good cooling and liuquid cooling  and ample hard drive room  and have 2400 ram ddr 16gb.
3 things i hate about this game1: smgs2: WERE IS THE OPTIONS MENU?3: it looks better on 640x480 than native res. beleve me.whyle it is fun to play fast paced fps games for a while this game however has put more effort putting as muchâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥on screen than to fix the gameplay and do something about gamebalance. why even bother adding ar rifles in the game when all the maps are cqc and u get killed 80% of the time with smgs and shotguns. even if u see them first and tap their head 2 times, they still kill you....
meh It is fine as a free game. But if you pay $60 for it you got scammed. The game wants you to spend real money after you payed for the game and overall it is meh. 4|10
Game has ok graphics and sound. Characters, maps and weapons is all ok. It is good that there is different game mode but there are problems. Multiplayer is very very slow to get in so you could get tired of waiting. There is some hackers but not many trolls, small community so if avoid hackers then it is good. Zombie mode is fun if you like zombies but does not feel like it belong here. I would want give this game neutral because I did not hate it but there are many games much better and less problem but I have to give thumb down.
Im really disappointed with this game. A few of the games i played had hackers in them. It seems like the only active game type is TDM. If you arent playing TDM the wait time is more than 5 minutes and even after that people would keep leaving. I would only buy this to play the remastered cod.
As a MASSIVE fan of the COD series and owner of every single COD released(Some on PS3, PS4 and PC), this game is by far the worst by quite a long way.  I thought after advanced warfare they would have realised the mistakes but instead they seem to have gone that bit further and made it even worse!!! The gameplay, the guns, the hitboxes, the flying(boosting), the maps... its just all atrocious!!! A game like this coming from such a big company is laughable and I really hope WW2 is a lot better or it will be the very last COD I ever buy.If your wondering why I only have 0.1hrs in the game, I have this purchased on PS4(Legacy Pro) and have played it around 6hours, downloaded only 1 of the DLCs with the season pass then gave up.  While this was free this weekend(28th July 17) I downloaded it and gave it a quick last chance to which I played just one game and I realised why I stopped playing it on PS4 in the first place.
Playing this game made my SSD crawl out of my PC and report me to the local police for abuse. f2p btw
garbage. crashes everytime
It sometimes is fun but i bought it for MW remastered and that is way better than this.
Free weekendno campaign no zombieand multiplayer crash on start
No solo campaign access in the free weekend?Seriously? Welp, I guess I'll pick it up in the discount games bin at the local game store in a few year maybe, but I'm not bothering with this crap now.
*changes frame rate limit* *crash*Eat my testicle fluid Activision
Just bad. I dont want to buy it.
Had preordered and owned since day one, but I could not invest more than 10 hours in it. Absolute garbage.
Absolute garbage. Can I refund my time?
This game keeps crashing every 15 seconds.I'm glad I played this during the free weekend so I wouldn't have to waste my money on this crap.
As a Canadian, this is the first time I've ever played a CoD game where finding a Domination match takes a noticeably long time. This goes to show how bad this series has become over the years. Also, games that put microtransactions in a paid game can go straight to hell. I would not pay more than a dollar just to sit in the lobby waiting to join a match other than TDM.
Horrible, I mean if you are going to have a free version of the game at least make it so that it dosent crash every time we open it up!
Tried game for free weekend. Couldn't start a game because of consistent crashing. I don't know why I would ever buy  this game. Clearly still in Early Access.
I'm going to leave a down vote, but my feelings are sort of mixed on this game.Looks great, nicely optimized. The UI is a bit clunky for the PC, but not too bad.The real issue I had witht this game is not being able to tell friend from foe very easily.The enemy wears red and my team does not. Great, I can run with that. But today when I opened up the game, someone on my team was wearing full red, and an opponent looked just like an ally, except he lacked the name tag. Just about every time, without fail, by the time I figured out which team they were on, I was dead.Look, I am not very adept at FPS games, so I need all the help I can get. So not knowing friend from foe really ♥♥♥♥s me up.
♥♥♥♥♥game
This game is worst than Hitler!!!
Doesn't work
. Showing a max of 120Hz refresh when I have a 144Hz monitor. 91fps hard lock in multiplayer. Frame rate drops on a 3570k @ 4.3GHz, GTX 970, 16GB DDR3 2133MHz, 850 EVO SSD system. Ridiculous amounts of DLC and loot crates. Jumping around like a lunatic is a valid strat, this isn't Call of Duty anymore or at least not the CoD I used to love. P2P servers
Maybe its my i7 6700k 4,5GHz (OC) or GTX 1070. or maybe even my 16GB's DDR4 RAM... But this game runs bloody awfull, from 120fps to like 4 after some minor "cutscene" and in a big cutscene I jump to 4000fps and then back to 5 once I can move again, Zombie's is even worse, after wave 5 its 3-4FPS constant... Not sure what they've done but it's not that great.Singleplayer so far is quite enjoyable, Multiplayer is like every other CoD but now with jumps and slides and jetpacks n♥♥♥♥♥♥:/OH can't forget the microtransactions with the case thingy's dunno why or how they ever thought it was a great idea but maybe they needa quit watching CSGO video's.
Free weekend, can not even play the Campaign, ♥♥♥♥ off. This isn't worth 30$, ♥♥♥♥ off Activision.
R.i.p CoD :(
really fun game!!! unfortunately its riddled with hackers and the mmr is horrible<<<<<<<framerate is awful lots of lag and stuttering.id give this game a 3/10
try this on free weekend.i want my free weekend back.
First game in multiplayer had a full team of aimbots and wallers against me
eww. Gross. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is the nastiest♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever seen. 10/10 IGN. "PLEASE DONT BUY THIS GAME AGAIN"
The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥I got the game in a free weekend but I couldn't even play a game. "Level loading" about 5 minutes then the game crashes every time.
Activision sure knows how to ruin a franchise
Wait 14 hours for >50 GB to download (thanks for all those single player files I can't use, I guess), wait 5 minutes to "preload shaders", click multiplayer, "update requires game restart", wait for restart, see only three hardcore gamemodes (tdm, ffa, moshpit), wait 3 minutes for the game to put you in a 3v4 hardcore tdm lobby, wait a few rounds to see if the lobby fills up, not a single 6v6 game to be had.So the hardcore modes suck and nobody plays them anyway, the movement is kind of fun but not as fluid as in Titanfall, the maps don't quite support it either with invisible walls everywhere.Infinite Warfare was the first PC Call of Duty I didn't buy. I'm glad I didn't.
Pistol can out dps a rifle and you can fly, why is this game even a thing?
So came to play the free weekend, game crashes everytime I try and start a multiplayer game. Didn't even buy this game and I feel robbed....
Installed on a free weekend. Keeps crashing all the time, can't even play at all. I've got a good, modern rig, btw.Stay the hell away from this.
amazingly bad multiplayer
Jesus christ...so here is my free weekend experience2 hours to install all 50GB.12 Minutes watching "Preloading Shaders"Finally give up and cancel preloading shaders.Campaign: No access to this contentZombies: No access to this contentMultiplayer: Restart required updateRestartGame crashes on rebootUninstallI didnt get to play but ♥♥♥♥ call of duty, plus I've heard its♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway. Play any other FPS. Like Titanfall 2.
I downloaded the free weekend trial of this game and it would randomly crash and close itself in the middle of using it within the first minute or so of opening it, it did not give any kind of warning like freezing or stuttering etc but i would just get the windows pop up saying it has crashed anmd windows will close the program, this is very agrivating as i wanted to try the game and maybe purchase it but i definitley will not be purchasing it now that i know it doesn't even work and i also havent been able to find a fix anywhere online and have tried multiple things, this game truly seems to be a console game first and PC game last with poor optimization and many bugs/glitches/fatal errors, activision really needs to step up their game with their PC ports as every cod game i have played on PC is a garbage port that has given me countless technical problems that have hindered my playing experiance significantly, overall i would say don't buy this name just because of the many fatal crashes and glitches i have experianced and seen on the internet while looking for a fix for my issue, that, on top of the fact that many people who can play the game say it isn't even that good, something said by people on console (the properly optimized version of the game that isn't a garbage port)
it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ even when free I regret purchase
even the free weekend isn't worth it
Played 4 hours, would say 2 of those were spent watching cutscenes or the annoying little moments where you don't control your character. Also, I hope you love auto piloting in space!But seriously, had a bit of fun, luckily got this on a steep sale. Would not suggest paying more than 20 bucks for this. At least this one doesn't have female black SS troops!
Connecting to online services...ERRORUnable to access online services. EXITThis is during the free weekend. I have roughly 12 hours remaining to play. That's about 60 Gigabytes (>480 billion bits) downloaded for nothing. It leads me to believe Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Multiplayer does in fact NOT EXIST, to use the capitalization the Call of Duty client likes to throw in my face. Why would you try to advertise a game type that does not exist, developers of COD? Why waste people's bandwidth like that? Is this a case of: let's throw a lot of feces at a wall and see what sticks? As long as we are making profit? Who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ right? It's games like this that - at times - make me hesitant to even open Steam games, because of the amount of time I have to WASTE in order to actually. play. games. No load screens, no splash screens, no STORY, but PLAY. You do remember what that was like, right? Back in the 80s? Where you would put in a cartridge into a now antiquated device and you'd be playing something like Contra in under 10 seconds? Do you know what I get after 10 seconds of COD? A ♥♥♥♥ing splash screen on the desktop on a modern PC with a GTX 1080. Do you see... ... ...? Or is that too hard to comprehend.A very obvious downvote for this piece of trash. Please, devs, QUIT the COD franchise or hand it over to someone who genuinely cares about it. It deserves that.
Don't recommend. I can't really tell you about the gameplay, since the game crashes before I can even get that far. It's been nearly a year, Activision. Why is your game a broken mess?
Terrible game, crashes before I even enter a lobby.
DO NOT BUY!The game just keeps crashing and crashing and crashing and crashing and crashing and crashing...I couldn't even get in a game it was that bad the crashing
Hard pass.
Not worth your time
Badly optimized. Sound didn't work. Garbage!On a side note: I played on the Free Weekend. I was mostly interested in seeing if the campaign was good, but no campaign for the free trial. Oh well, what I've seen in MP was enough anyway.
this game is extortion to get you to pay 80$ to play Modern Warfare Remasteredand to think that Activision will not get any more lower don't buy it
Multiplayer review only, generic twitch shooter rubbish, played for free and what a waste of time.
*play free weekend*joins a single match using an ar *gets obliterated by shotguns 43-100I see nothing has changed
Lag
played for free, didnt like it
Played on the free weekend. Never got past matchmaking game crashed when I clicked tdm. Game crashed when I went to options. Game crashed when I did nothing. I would recomend you stay the hell away from this game. It would be horrible even as a free game. Glad I did not buy it.
Not even worth getting it for free.
Tried to play this game during the free weekend. Good luck getting into an actual match. This game is just another joke being played by infinity ward. Only worth downloading on a free weekend trial to experience how NOT to develop a game.
Not their best effort. Another Multiplayer game with a poorly implemented single player attached. The characters aren't as likeable as previous instalments, and the story is a little boring. The only redeemable aspect of the game is Ethan. The space battles are boring, frustrating and unrealistic (you can run into other ships and just bounce off). The 'Most Wanted' board is pointless as it does nothing for the game or story. 3 out of 10 stars.
Holy crap I can't put into words how bad this game actually is, please dont spend your money on this POS
This is my expierience on my system, you may not experience the same issue.Performance is TERRIBLE, even on my 1080... I was getting around 1fps during some segments of the campaign, lowering graphics setting didn't make a difference, unnacceptable.
What an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥fest of a game.The game has already made a name for itself on the consoles for just having lackluster gameplay in the first place,and the once you get to pc it doubles in how bad this game is.The hackers especially make it a worse experience,an influx of new players may have came in on the free weekend just for the meme and now none are going to come when you get hackers every other game.Maybe on console this would slide for a legitimate shooter but on pc this is just♥♥♥♥♥♥It took me a half hour after an hour download to uninstall this♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS BAD, and it's not just a meme.Every detail and addition made exclusive to this game,specifically made to distinguish itself from the other cods make it even worse.
It's actually not the WORST game ever but it doesn't have anything good and it's definetely not worth a third of the sale price. Poor optimization, fast paced gameplay, hackers (played with about 4) nice scenary and design and dead community. Activision is dead for me since BO2.
Meh
complete garbage.i wonder how the playerbase is still big
Would have been a great free to play game.
***Beware***Infinity ward did not implement any anti cheat system so majority of lobbies are filled with either a blatent hacker or the shadiest individuals.Go back to BO3 where there is atleast a anti cheat system.The game would be worth it if you could buy multiplayer only for around 15 bucks but since there is no anti cheat system good luck.
this game isâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ffs another freeweekend too come on kiddos lets go play one game mode and then wish that u can get a refund
"Call of duty game has stopped working"
I was really excited to try this game only to find out that it kept crashing in the menus and was completely unplayable. Get your sh*t together and fix this. I certainly wont be purchasing it now.
game still not well-optimized even now July 30, 2017, lots of stutters and frame drops...and to think i got this game since release...i ignored the bad reviews and still purchased this crap, i mean the campaign is ok just this chronic on and off stutters and frame drops
İnanmayacaksınız ama bu oyunu oynayan herkes birbirini tanıyor!!!Sanalika bile bu oyundan çok oynanıyordur görebileceğiniz max online oyuncu sayısı 2000.200TL verip 50gb oyunu indirdikten sonra 1500 kişiyle oynamak istiyorsanız alabilirsiniz.
Never did like Run & ShootI dont like running on Walls and flyingThis makes the game unrealistic and not very seriousI prefer the first games they made that was more realistc and army like ...
Crashes constantly and the demo cant even play the campaign i cant even load a multiplayer match ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. i wouldnt recommend it. i feel robbed of my 50G of internet i wasted.
Got it during the free weekend, still felt too expensive
lets start here, is it a good game? nois it a bad game? noare there good aspects and bad aspects yespro's:sniping is goodmaps are vibrantgood optimizationcool camo'sgun soundsnegatives:rigs kinda ruin the balancing (laser seeking rifles running sprint sheilds etc)supply drops are 99% taunts gear and rarely anything you would ever choosekillstreaks feel underpowered for the effort to get oneshotgun range is way to high for a balanced small map experience (same issue with bo3 and krm/gaymaker 12)very low player basereally only tdm games playablekyrpto key grind is super slow even on 2x weekendhitreg with any single shot weapon feels offup to you to decide weather to buy it, personally i would only buy 50% off or lower
Nice try.
Cant even ♥♥♥♥ing start the game
Refund button works well.
I played this game for free in this week, and I had low expectations (because right now Im playing CS:GO, having last year 700 hours in Black Ops 3). So, I knew the game was like a copy of the last 3 COD's (BO3, AW and Ghosts) and yes, it is!The movement in a multiplayer match is like the one we have at Black Ops 3, but kinda made in China, sometimes I get stuck or something else.The graphics, I played this game in High quality, and still got between 40-74 fps, really smooth, but the menu feels laggy and constant FPS Drops.Personally I will buy the game just for the campaign or even the Modern Warfare Remastered, but at least the Multiplayer is not worth paying 60$ USD.So I think I will go back to CS:GO or even Black Ops 3, this game is not as good as any other COD
Terrible game, not fun, just boring, wonky, and slow.This game crashed my computer twice and refused to start after the second crash. not to mention all the microtransactions and dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that activision pumps these games full of.
The game lags alot if you have even a regular computer or a gaming pc. The connections are crap in matchmaking and everything about it is bad, even worse than console versions.
So played this game over the free weekend and i already dont support the game at all but just wanted to see how much of a dissapointment it would be. 1. the game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥the fact it took them this long to do a free weekend is just sad. 2. cant even play zombies only SP & MP were hackers are everywhere. and 3 even though it was free i still free robbed
this game is unoptimized trash, targeted at small children with the attention spans of chipmunks.don't buy, if you have 60 dollars to waste buy prey or some half decent game triple aaa game, but DO NOT buy this game. unless you like an unpopulated broken pc port with way to much motion blur.
unprejudiced opinion I'm not one of these typical Call of Duty haters, for example, I didn't though AW, Bo3 or even Ghosts was bad. And it's not only the game, it's the reason that it is the same game again and again.   Positive:1. The Game actually isn't that bad (It's just the Hate-Hype again)2. I really like the Classic(!) Weapons. 3. The Zombie mode is awesome!4. The maps are also okay Negative 1. The game is super bad optimized for Pc (like Advanced Warfare)2. For the same game like AW, it´s too expensive. (except the Sales)3. It feels like Titanfall, feels like the enemies have 200hp.4. Overall the Weapons are crap.6. All snipers feel super bad.5. The perk system got really shity.Altogether it's not worth buying it. 2/10 lemons
It'a a pile of crap
Loads game..... Trys to load in a map....... Game does not load map...... Game "F*** YOU"........ Crashes.Welcome to Crashing Simulator 2017 where the game after release date still crashes when its opened.Welcome to BF4 after release again.
cannot even run this game on good hardware.
Just crashes cant play
I downloaded this to give it a try durring the free weekend but it keeps saying I don't own it so I can't play it. gay.
lolololol soooo bad! free weekend attempt spent most time trying to get headsets to get sound and get game to not tear.
*DONT BUY THIS TRASH *-THIS IS NOT CALL OF DUTY-THIS IS SOME KIND OF FREE 2 PLAY COPY BUT MORE WORSE-FPS LOCKED AT 90 EVEN IF U HAVE 144Hz Monitor-FINALY THEY HAVE ADDED FOV CHANGER BUT IN THE WRONG GAME !-DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY THIS IS A SCAM 60€ or 60$ NOT WORTH !!-WOULD NOT EVEN BUY IF IT WOULD COST 5$/€
Campaign is good.Zombies is meh.Multiplayer is trash.
Tried the multiplayer, it's more of the same really if you used CoD MW as the baseline and CoD AW (advanced warefare) as the 'we tried something a bit more different'. Infinite warfare's multi dials it back with a rather dumbed down version of AW's combat manuverability.The shoot bang "style" hasn't changed since MW which means its more about maps doing something interesting, they do not.So unfortunately CoD IW isn't very good even at this bargain price.
♥♥♥♥♥game even though i played it for free. Definitely do not recommend.
i just spent 2 and a half hours downloading it, and it didnt even run. it kept crashing the second i loaded it up.if you want the game its better on console i hate to say it but it is the pc version is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port.
Are you having a laugh, or what?
plaed the free weekend and can't even join my friend's game. nice game...
Thank God for free weekends, I can find out how♥♥♥♥♥♥this port is without wasting any money.
Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tactic to sell this♥♥♥♥♥♥  Could have let me play a pit of the campaign.  maybe I would have bought it.  I won't want to play a game with a bunch of 12 year olds online.
The game is not market ready. I can't get into games or change settings without the game crashing. Tried for about 30 minutes to join a game during the free weekend and could not load into a game. i7 4770 and 7970HD, running the game on a SSD. It looks like just poor optimization.
That's just a big fat piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Just make this sh*t tier game free all the time. I feel like I'm playing a mobile game with all these guns that you have to unlock through a f*cking pay wall. Supply drops have ruined this f*cking franchise, go back to the old days where everyone is on the same level and guns are only unlocked through level progression.
Oh Boy I Love My Self Some Crash Screens Noting But Crashes All The Damn Time. ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥Game Can't Even Play. During Free Weekend.
I bought this pre-order with season pass.It is my top 1 wasted money.
I tried the game several tiems and it kept crashing on me; I have one of the best gaming computes; this should not happen.
Tried playing during the free weekend to see what all the fuss was about, and could't even get the thing to open. Looks ike all the negative reviews are accurate.
i tried the free trial played 1 full match and part of a 2nd. it is very poorly optimized i'm running a 6700k and a 1080ti and was barely getting 90fps obviously a  small nit pick but still the hitboxes are off i was hitting people i wasnt aiming at lol. if you get it free sure go for it but i would not pay money for this game.
I used to be long time fan of the Call of Duty series, but i'm at a point where I don't see any new things happen with the game.I played Infinity Warfare over the weekend and have to say it's the same old game with new paint on top.Activision try to milk that series as much as possible.Paying full price for something that is clearly more of an update then a totally new game, is just to much.Yes yes i know there is a single player campaign, but lets face it, multiplayer online games are there to be played, well, online.And it's here where the game falls short.There are many FPS's out there for a much lower price, better try some of them.If you looking for some online shooter without being disappointed having spend to much, look somewhere else!P.S.   The next Call Of Duty WW2 doesn't look to much different as well. At least not to much to get my hopes up.
why tf is it constantly crashing. activision fix your game for gods sake.
Got it for free on the weekend, and still feel robbed by Activision.
iz sheit
If you can't find a quick match in 5 minutes you know something is wrong. If they are pushing lootcrate items at level 1 create-a-class you know the devs don't even care.
Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ i can't even load into a custom game with bots! I've tried all the fixes i could find online but nothing has helped, the background is totally black and when i'm trying to load into a multiplayer game it says "map loaded, joing match" for like five min then the game crashes. maybe it'd be ok if i could LOAD INTO A GAME. not like i expected much better from current COD games anyways.
DO NOT DOWNLOADhavent played since MW2, thought i'd give it a chance.can't even play the game, constant crashes even with multiple 'fixes'just confirms for me that COD is dead and forever will be
what i cant even play and it says i can only play it until tommorow so dont get she game it is a scam it took litterly all day loading its terrible!
I never been that person that says call of duty went to♥♥♥♥♥♥but im honestly sad to say this is the breaking point bo3 i couldnt do it i tryed but bo2 i could bo1 is my baby but iw just sad honestly
Well downloaded and tried the demo just wish the game let you actually do something! the demo wouldn't let you try zombies or the campaign because i didn't own the content i would have to buy it in the store while the multiplier would keep playing a cut scene when i entered but everything was locked. I waited a hour or two for the download just for a game i couldnt try.
HORRABLE
I would rather have a horse♥♥♥♥♥♥shoved up my♥♥♥♥♥then endure the shotgun spam ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that is this game.
Playin for the free weekend-1st 20 minutes: oh man this is cool-1st hour: who the ♥♥♥♥ invented the ♥♥♥♥ing reaver-last minutes before uninstal:♥♥♥♥ this game titanfall is way betterso summary is 0/10 you better buy titanfall 2 its way betterOh and the optimization is basicly non exsistant get FPS drops when ever there is dust (GTX 960)
Tried playing during Free-weekend. its been about an hour of me trying to get the game stable but it just keeps crashing. Even for free this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wonder if these Devs are actually proud of their game. I'm changing my career to either weatherman or call of duty dev because no matter how badly I suck I will still get paid and continue to suck at my job.(I really want to go on a rant about Devs and Publishers)
Not fun in any way, most boring experience i have had in a while! Definitly a no no
Got it in the free weekend, feel bad for my HDD that it had to write this sh*t.
Got it in the free weekend, feel bad for my HDD that it had to write this sh*t.
Black ops 3 is better
The community of this game is cancer. Also my first multiplayer game I was greeted with a hacker, so that was nice. I wouldn't recommend touching this game with a 10 foot pole.
very laggy even on 1080p tried everything nothing worked
Really bad, feels slow, mechanics are subpar. I sorta enjoyed blops3 and hated this one.
Terrible game.
Horrible game. Even for a free weeekend, this game is already dead.
no
Hackers, Crashes, Unbalanced Unlocks and too much UIThat's all I encountered within my first hour of playing.
The game crashes every time i change a setting and when loading into a multiplayer match. ♥♥♥♥ this game
Constantly Crashes. Not able to join a game, nor change settings. Don't buy it. It's a shame that a game from such a big franchise is in such a miserable state.
C.O.D   R.I.PDidnt need to to be shot its so bad you lose the will to live.
preload of shader lmao is this an emulation of console ?
people cant hate your game if they cant connect to server *taps head*
After preloading shaders for almost 30 minutes the game crashed whenever i tried to change settings or join a game. It crashes even if I tried to change the audio settings. Overall the free weekend was amazing i guess. Lost 3 hours for downloading this **** and then lost one more for changing settings. So i had lost 4 hours of my life and had no gameplay experience which is nice. I'm feeling abused and my butt hurts. Thank you cod
I understand that this game is disliked because of how similar it is to other games and how it did not live up to the Call of Duty name, but being a person who never played call of duty before it seemed very fun. Im saying that I would not reccomend this game because I am playing this game from a free weekend. I can not say that I would spend more than 15$ on this game, I felt that the game got boring after a day. if you enjoyed playing Titanfall and Titanfall 2 than this game is for you, but if you are expecting a game that feels more like Black ops 2 this is not for you.
I was hoping to play the campaign during the free weekend for this installation of CoD, they made sure I couldn't enjoy that part of this game. Ok, well let's try zombies. Oh, can't play that either? Well let's play MP, at least see what it's like. Maybe they did some good stuff. Nope it was a classic Ctrl+C, Ctrl+V BO3 MP engine with futuristic maps. The one positive I had hoped to experience from this free weekend, the campaign, was unavailable. And looking at what other users have stated, the campaign was the only redeemable facet to this year's installation of CoD. I would post a review of the campaign's story or NPC depth, but alas, there was no trial for this game's SP entry.
worst servers ever
Game sucks dont buy it.
Trash.. no one plays this anymore and not worth at all.. i do not recommend this game
Played 4 gamesEncountered 2 people hackingFix your damn PC ports so this crap doesnt happen, the game itself isnt even that bad it just isnt optomized and polished as much as the console versions and allow people to easily ruin the game for others.  Ive heard MWR isnt any better either.
This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and autistic
I pressed Play at around 6:30pm, by 9:30pm it had crashed 9 times.
- Download the game in the free weekend for the lols- Enter the game go to settings as usual to change fullscreen to fullscreen windowed (game crashes)- Start the game again go to settings to change the texture quality (game crashes) (basically everytime you change something in the video settings the game crashes)- Start again go to multiplayer to see what weapons it got (game crashes)- Start again to try to just play one match get to the lobby (game crashes while loading the game)- I just want to play one♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥match so i start the game again try to play again get to the lobby and same thing happens the game ♥♥♥♥ing crashes againAll of this in just 20 min.I just wanted to try it in the free weekend and i feel i got robbed I feel sorry for the people who payed 60 bucks.IGN review 7.7/10
no single player . Flam per second lock at fivty not support one hundred and forty-four mega hzno thirty-two player verse Thirty -Two player likes Battlefield 1
This game sucks by call of duty standards (like MW series)Match making is really really badDO GIVE THEM ANY MONEY FOR THIS GAME
Supply drops ruin the game. 1 star review on yelp
Cons-Hackers-Matchmaking -Pretty much the whole game Pros-Only that i didnt pay money for it
1. WeaponsInteresting range of super weapons. The warfighter rig was interesting enough with the fan spreader. The others weren't so interesting. E.g. The Merc was mostly reskinned minigun and the Synaptic was double-Uzi runner.1. Buying Supply BoxesIf you still need a store for more boxes, just go free to play. Your store doesn't just sell skins, it's weapons too.2. Wrong PacingYou've shifted from the popular Modern Warfare and Counterstrike Go pacing to the less popular Quake, Titanfall and Doom pacing. I can go into detail but I'd rather let you figure this part out on your own.3. Wall WalkingIt's a gimmick that makes no sense here. Wall walking was already in Prince of Persia, Titanfall was not the first. There's no need to copy Titanfall that badly just because they advertised it.4. Super Large FileIt took forever to download the game. What was this?5. CheatingPlayers are still looking at walls and timing their aims. What do you think that is? 1. Match finishes on timeIt solved the issue of teams camping for the final kill but you removed the final killcam shot that made Modern Warfare famous.
If you really want to play a futuristic cod on pc play bo3.
Great with free weekend! Now I know I'm really not missing out on anything here :)Terrible gameplay.
I could not even try the game. It often froze on changting basic settings, trying to build a class, or various other things before I could even get in a game. I am just glad I no longer have a data cap for now, because what a waste that would've been.
Obnoxious load times and whenever I was about to get into a match the game would crash
Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Downloaded 51 gigs for the "Free Weekend" install it, wait forever to load shaders. Try to run Single Player but it says I have to BUY IT if I want the Single-Player campaign
I cant beleive i waissted 3 hours on a download and no f#%ken zombies no good
absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥and it was free
I have no gameplay to comment about, so lets talk about the way this "game" starts up and proceeds to crash.lets start with the cons,Cons: I got this on the free weekend. Tried to change video settings because I wasnt using nearly even close to all my GTX 1060's 6gb of memory or MHZ so I decided, hey lets put it on high. I put one setting on high, crash. Ok lets reset it. Reset... Crash.its normal now, Nice. Lets play online. I join a lobby. Crash. Try again. Crash. all of this happeneing in a span of 25 minutes. as we speak... I just witnesses another crash. This game is a crash simulator. the background of menus is black, maybe cuz its a demo? or maybe because this damn game is broken. ok there are maybe 1 or 2 pros.Pros: cutscene where you are intorduced looks solid, I like the texturing and how the lipsync is okay. sound quality is crisp and guns sound just mmmm when you see suit previews. though, I couldnt play a damn thing.over all a 1/10... save your money and get a game that actually runs, for pete's sake.
(Free Weekend Player - Played no Campaign or Zombies, but why isn't there a tutorial anyways??)In summary, 3/10.I would not recommend it to anyone that wants a quick jump-in and play, if they cannot invest enough time to get good at the game for the game to become remotely enjoyable.And no, I do not believe you should NEED to be good at a game to simply enjoy it. I usually enjoy FPS's (no matter my skill), but in this case, nope.There is one thing in particular that I find irritating, and that is the location of 'options' being behind 'multiplayer' rather than simply on the main menu. The Options are also somewhat unusual when it comes to it NOT being in the list along with everything else, but rather down and to the side, and how they organized the menu system; I have YET TO FIND WHERE TO DISABLE THE STUPID TOGGLE AIM! This is not rocket science people, it is a basic option.And, of course, the multiplayer for new players, such as myself (I have not played in a while) is quite difficult to get into due to the boring learning curve:I always get shot in the back,player balancing in the server lobby leads to one player carrying everyoneLittle feeling of progressionAll and all, the multiplayer gameplay feels empty, it does not feel like you are playing with many people. I think it is due to the level design lacking any artistic/relatable feel. Of course, this is coming from someone who would not normally play the CoD series anyway.Hope you find this useful.
Connection to other players online is worse than in Modern Warfare 2, a game that came out years ago. If you force us to play multiplayer on free weekend, atleast polish the part you want us to play. I guess consumer opinions don't really matter as long as it makes money.
Sh!t. On a side-note. How the hell does it use 8GB of VRAM? On what?
10/10 Worst COD in history.Get it while its free so you can experience hands on why this game got all the dislikes.
Can we call  this game  ``inifinite queue Connecting to matchmaking service  instead``? SAD :(
I do not recommend this game.
This is just a comment from the free weekend (which was supposed to give access to the multiplayer.)-I began by opening the game to a black screen, that took about 20 minutes to finally crash.-Attempt #2 opened the game windowed without me prompting it to do so, then crashed at the main menu-3 got to the options to change it to fullscreen (crashed on button press)-Changed about 4 different settings and each one crashed the game, requiring a restart through task manager-Tried to play multiplayer, which crashed when i tried to make a loadout-Got the loadout finished after a further crash-Began matchmaking only for the game to crash while loading the map.~~~~~~Even if you ignore the fact that the game is unplayable, the constant overlay of voice going through the multiplayer was annoying and unecessary. Without even getting to play a single second of real gameplay I can say I will certainly never be buying this game. ~~~~TL;DR - Crashes after every single action. Perhaps prior to making a free weekend, the game should be made playable. I hardly am surprised the reviews are mostly negative for this game.
sry about mssing punctuations and commassux crashed twice while still in menu first was when the game claimed it had to restart for me to be able to play online however the game froze after i accepted the restart and had to shut it down via Task manager, second time was while i was choosing/creating a class where it crashed on preview vid, how can a game be so ♥♥♥♥ing unstable... well i will no further bother trying to play this game and experience what people call it♥♥♥♥♥♥ what i mean is i will not try to develop my own thoughts about this game if it crashes 2 on the ♥♥♥♥ing menu..if interested my pc specs are as followsIntel I5 6600kasus strix 1070asus z170 pro gamingRAM 16gb kingston value ram 2133mhzpsu: corsair rm850x(unnecary amount of wattage but i prefer silent rigs)boot drive intel 600p 256gband sec. harddrive some sata HDD 466gb prob. seagate also the drive my game was installed on
Free crash and stutter weekend.
doesnt work it always crashes when i try to play multiplayer or the campaign
I actually liked the campaign,well the little I could play of it that it is. Non stop crashing and freeezing.
what else do I have to buy?
Cool MCU like music, Activision logo, crash, Cool MCU like music, Activision logo, crash, Cool MCU like music, Activision logo, crash, Cool MCU like music, Activision logo, crash....
Game Lauches. Game enters lobby. Game 'loads level'. Game crashes. 10/10
Ttied it for the Free Weekend, out of 50+ matches that i tried to connect, got only into one. And it was a classic imbalanced cheaters-infested mess. Stay classy, CoD.
the game is junk it stalls no matter what i do. just to change one setting i have to wait through a stall for about 5 minutes and then re open the game just to do another. this game is junk i got i 7 6700 with 16 gb of ram and a gtx 970. should run the game at the least. it runs most other games on ultra with no issues. this game is just a pile of poop. a waste of time downloading it i would not recommend actually purchasing it. luckily i know now to never buy a cod game for my pc. so in short thanks for the week end trial so i didnt end up buying one of these crap games, which i have been pretty close to doing in the past but wisely decided not to for other reasons. sorry for those who have purchased it and been ripped off
Struggling to find a match in multiplayer, you're not able to play zombies or the campaign with the free weekend pass so save yourself of the 50gb download unless you're a die hard fan. The guns are surprisingly enough pretty okay.
Played this on the free weekend mostly to gauge how the next one would run on my rig. Tried to find a standard team deathmatch game for like 20 minutes. Got sick of waiting so i started a bot match that i ended up playing for like 5 minutes. Solid 50 FPS on an 6700k i7 and 1070 on default settings so thats good. But man is all the future♥♥♥♥♥♥stupid.I'm just glad my only loss was the time spent downloading itWOULD NOT RECOMMEND
Fiz o download pq estava gratuito para teste durante o final de semana, mas ao abrir, só posso jogar no multiplayer. Até aí tudo bem, não achei legal, mas entendo. Qdo fui jogar o multiplayer, quase 10 minutos procurando partidas e nada de começar. Vou desinstalar....
First of all do not buy this game unless it is 15 dollars or less. I tried it on a free trial period and even with them opening it up to lots of new players its impossible to connect to a game. Out of 10 attmpts i got into 3 games. There are very few people playing it. Second the game drops fps like crazy even when sitting at 90 on average. The default fov is garbage. Clearly they dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about pc ports so dont buy it.
Ghosts is better.10/10 would waste diskspace again.
Couldn't tell you if it's a good game, since 4 hours in I suddenly became unable to connect to any lobbies, and the issue would not seem to go away with all the regular troubleshoots.Thank god for free weekends, would have been pretty miffed if I had spent 60 euro on a game I can't even play.
capped at 60 fps, terrible gameplay, 50GB game, supply drops
With constent crashes and unable to connect to host errors. It's no wonder the ratings are mostly negative.
Downloaded 50gigs to play the campain during  free weekend but its multi only. F that! They sell the multi for cheap but do not sell the campain by itself. F CoD and F Activision.
Decently fun game playing hardcore is a real blast but the amount of campers in multiplayer really breaks the fun.
It's like titanfall except if titanfall was a 76 year old crippled alcoholic that's begging for money on the corner of a walmart.It's bad...
This is not CoD, this is one big♥♥♥♥♥♥
"Free" weekend and no SP-Campaign? ♥♥♥♥ you!
Couldn't play 1 single match because this game freezes on everything, i can't modify my settings cuz its freezing, loading map freezing, chilling in menu freezing.. amazing
Tried this game out since it is the free weekend. 50gb of hard drive space later and I can't get past the menu as it tells me "update requires restart" and restarts the game every time. Great way to sell a game.
this game is terrible wait for cod ww2 or play mw or world at war
Black ops 3 with steroids (Not only it looks like a monster, but it is also deformed with steroids)
This Game is Just The Worst Cod THAT I EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFEAND I PLAYED ALOT OF CODS IN MY GODDAMN LIFETHIS IS THE WORST ONE EVER
Wanted to try this game on free weekend. Wasted 20 minutes of my life. Game crashed 5 times an i wasn't able to play it 1 minute.
piece ofâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
meh
I enjoy this game, but to keep it real its broken. Broken to the point that most have abandoned it due to lag.Zombies is great, always a fun challenge. Campaign was fun but short. Multiplayer is like rolling the dice.It is all about lag advantage, sadly some people exploit it and that leaves others in the dust.My game runs at 90fps and I still experience pumping half a magazine into a guy facing the opposite way and he can turn around and shoot and kill you. I've even killed people while completely missing and shooting in front or even behind their path. The list of glitches is infinite like the name.The player pool is also worldwide so that does not help with the lag one bit, you could be running great one minute then someone can join and lag out the entire server. Don't get me wrong the game doesn't just crash or anything you have to stay to endure the lag.Save your money!SpecsInternet:1gb Up/1gb DownCPU:AMD FX-8350Ram:16gbGPU:MSI Seahawk 1070
tried it out for the free weekend. spend 5 minutes "preloading shaders" and after 1 minute in the menus, the game crashed. i have an i5 6600k, 1080 gtx, and 16 gb of ram. what a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥in dumpster fire.
Memes aside, this game just shows me a black screen on the main menu. Nice job Activision !
Not recommended in 11 different languages.Ù„Ø§ ÙŠÙ†ØµØ­Nuk rekomandohetÔ½Õ¸Ö€Õ°Õ¸Ö‚Ö€Õ¤ Õ¹Õ« Õ¿Ö€Õ¾Õ¸Ö‚Õ´Nije preporucenoä¸�å»ºè®®Niet aangeradenNon recommandÃ©ã�Šå‹§ã‚�ã�—ã�¾ã�›ã‚“ê¶Œì�¥í•˜ì§€ ì•Šì�ŒĞ�Ğµ Ñ€ĞµĞºĞ¾Ğ¼ĞµĞ½Ğ´ÑƒĞµÑ‚Ñ�Ñ�No recomendadoI had better luck with Batman: Arkham Knight.
Couldn't play multiplayer, because my name was longer than 15 characters.
so i decided to try the free weekend, and was very disapointed. the only game mode available was multiplayer, which is horribly designed. i hated every gun, disliked the charecter select system but what disapointes me most probably is the graphics. i played the game max everything and the textures still looked so low res. i had a consistant 60 fps the entire time on my gtx 970. the ranking system is not very rewarding, and weapons do not seem to be very balanced. the time to kill REALLY needs to be turned down a couple notches. i do not recomend this game no matter what. if it were free it would be a waste of freeHORRIBLE / 10
I CANT EVEN START IT WHEN I CLICK MULTIPLAYER IT ♥♥♥♥ING SAYS UPDATE REQUIRES A RESTART AND ♥♥♥♥ING RESTARTS IT 10 TIMES SORRY MY CAPS LOCK IS STUCK
its pretty boring, like other call of duty games.
> Install 60 GB of game> Launch game> Load shaders for 1/2 hour> Launch multiplayer> Even more loading> Waiting 10 mintues to join game> Crash> Try again> Read from beginning again until bumping to "Crash"> Launch in safe mode> CrashAnd I thought No Man's Lie(Sky) was the biggest dissapointment
Good looking game but can't get into a single match without crashing or getting disconnected. Every other game I own works fine, including ones with higher specs than this one. 50GB download that's going in the trash bin.
Why do we have loading screen in 2017
No.
NOTE: This review is just for Multiplayer mode.Haven't played COD for 8 years, so basically took it as a time to revisit the series on a open weekend. I was expecting the game to be very polished with decent multiplayer mechanics, and boy was I wrong. NOPE! They just want us to try their crappy multiplayer game mode, so I can only talk about the multiplayer aspect of the game.Graphics looks super outdated for a 2016 game, and the core mechanics penalize players who actually aim for the head with those lousy hit boxes. Net code is just plain bad where players are teleporting everywhere rewarding them easy frags. Script kiddies are also running rampant on these servers making the experience into "Why did I waste my bandwidth to download the game!".  Multiplayer for Infinite ware is a petrified terd thats been spray painted gold and polished to look nice, but its still♥♥♥♥♥♥I do wish they allowed us to at least play the first level of the game as it might be good. Can't be for sure, but Multiplayer is just garbage that makes me want to throw up...
This Game Sucks......Tried it For about 20 min, got Killed by a bunch of modders, and then said..ima just play some BattleField 1
Meh.
Meh.
This game is a total disaster for the COD franchise. Such a same... Im very disappointed + the same problem as always, HACKERS and no service to ban them.... good bye COD
Its not a bad game. The only problems is the movements feel clunky, its futuristic which COD does bad at, and they do not do anything about hackers. I found a hacker on my 2nd game and he even said hes hacking and turned on his aimbot. Its fun with 1v1s with friends in custom games. I do not recommend because alot of campers and hackers. Only get this on sale below 30 US dollars.                         (I got this from Free Weekend)           6.5/10
Installed the gamePlayed 5 minUnistalled
Tried to play on the free weekend. Multiplayer was locked to 20 fps. No solution could be found. Promptly uninstalled.
Pure garbage, just a rehash of last years crap per usual.
Terrible. It does not even feel like a COD. Everything feels bulky, nothing is streamlined, stuff is shiny for no reason on maps, the kill streaks are for spawn camping, should I go on?
Free multiplayer weekend, tried to play, online services didn't work.Try to play campaign, zombies, locked out cuz i didn't buy game.Tried to visit store locked out.Can't even visit Settings page.What a fabulous waste of 50GB
The free weekend gave me an excellent opportunity to confirm that the game is in fact a absolute failure, and that Battlefield 1 IS a better game.Thank you, Activi$ion, for saving my money and spare me a sh*tty MP game. One more thing, I would like to ask for a refund, for wasting my time with the free weekend.
♥♥♥♥ you
The xbox version is better.......seriously....
OMG THEY TURNED ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ INTO A GAME
I played during the Steam free weekend. Boring gameplay. Maps are small and there is no tactic. Just run and gun with very little skill.
it sucks
Wow this game is very cr@ppy. My pc specs can max this game out but it gets non stop fps drops and even on the lowest settings I still get fps drops. I highly recommend you to not buy this game.
It's a neat addition to the CoD franchise, but on PC I experienced performance issues after playing more than 2 rounds in a row and it still suffers host migrations peer to peer issues seen back in the MW2 days. Fun game, but I can't recommend it.
1 hour is enough to understand that Titanfall 2 beats this game in any aspect.Sudden FPS drops and disconnects kill any interest in multiplayer.Single campaign is average for Call of Duty series - nothing interesting.
Im one of those "man ♥♥♥♥ COD" ppl, but I thought i'd give the latest installment a chance since its free to play weekend.Waste of 60 gb and of time.Game starts in windowed, you have to first select a game mode to access the options, you cant just see them at the main screen. Clicked on multiplayer and game froze.End process. Okay lets try again. Got into multiplayer, great lets check the options. Changed to Fullscreen and game froze.Got through it all again, looked at options and sure enough it was changed to fullscreen. Cool lets adjust some other video settings, GAME FROZE.♥♥♥♥ the video settings lets just play the game, game crashes while im making a class or loadout or w/e you call it.Even when its free there is just no way to play this buggy port.10/10 would ctrl alt del 20 times again before (not) actually playing game.By the way I didnt even play one match. It was just to much freezing and crashing to care.
♥♥♥♥ ur free MP weekend ♥♥♥♥ ur game can't even play zombies lame
NOT SPLIT-SCREEN
Game simply doesn't work. Crashes too frequently.
I played this piece of S♥♥t on free weekendi still want my f♥♥♥♥♥g money back
it doesn't even work. used to be worst cod ever, but since call of duty world war you have black german soldiers this title has been passed onto it.go buy something else.
terrible game, nowhere near as good as boots on the ground COD games. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!
♥♥♥♥ing lame!
DXERROR everytime
Well, i wanted to give the game a chance. It crashed before i could even get my graphics settings put together. RIP COD.I've seen many COD games suck, but crashing before i even get in game is a damn new low.Pretty bad impressions for what the rest of the game would've been like.
trash game,good graphic but is trash, dont buy it, not warth.
crashes every time i play. i want my money back.
Crash....Crash....Crash.... DO NOT BUY THIS GAME EVER!
OK. The campaign isnt that bad but the feel of playng this game with ♥♥♥♥ing lasers shooting out of peoples♥♥♥♥♥is really just dissapointing. Don't even try to get this game for multiplayer u will get ♥♥♥♥ed on by people 20 prestiges higher than you and it doesnt make the game fun at all. As for zombies it feels like a ♥♥♥♥ing kids little birthday party. DONT GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥UCKING GAME
Crashing simulator. Do you want to create your own class, start a private match, change resolution or video settings? You can't, because this piece if śhit crashes every time you do anything
On the free weekend, I decided to check it out. It seemed fine at first, but then whenever I try to load a multiplayer match, it just crashes. Everytime. Not reccomended.
I shouldn't have to do a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t antivirus shutoff crap to play a top-budget AAA title. ♥♥♥♥ you, Activision. I know you didn't make the game, but I'm sure it's your fault.
Played the free weekend, spent 50 minutes trying to get it not to crash by messing around with settings, never actually got to even see the game.  What a hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥Oh and this is the only game i've ever reviewed.
"lol get rekt skrub"ahhhhh those where the old days things are so different know:)waitno there nottook 11 minutes to find a game with 5 players on itthe played for 4 minutesthen quit and write this reveiwitsbadjust bad
I have been playing this on Xbox. It's not fun. Graphics are old they still use modern warfare engine and gameplay and characters are somehow childish. I don't recommend to buy this.
(skip to the bottom for TL;DR)I will begin by saying my very unpopular opinion: Infinite Warfare is .But then, why can't I reccomend it? Hear me out:I can't really consider this a Call of Duty game, for obvious reasons. But I strongly believe that, if this was an original ip, then it wouldn't have received 80% of the hate it currently has. The multiplayer formalities remained the same, basically. Just create a class with the weapons/perks/throwables you like and play with it. Of course there are still supply drops but I won't even start talking about that in this review.The gunplay and movement system are smooth, you can definitely see that they heavily improved on the futuristic formula of the game. The wall running, the jetpack, the sliding, it's all improved and as far as the controls go, nothing seemed clunky or unrefined (compared to the not-so-perfect movement systems of Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warfare). Everything would be all well and good if not for the  of technical problems this game has. Where should I even begin? This game has everything, from disconnecting in the middle of the match, failing to get into a match in the first place, infinite loading screens (pun not intended) to freezes and even crashes.To get this out of the way, I am almost sure that the problems weren't on my end since I didn't experience this kind of stuff with the previous CoD games that I have played. Hell, I even upgraded my PC and ethernet since I last played Black Ops 3.The issue that frustrated me the most was the message "Match started. Loading level..." that I get every time matchmaking finds a game to join. From that message onwards it can go three ways: There was also a fix to this that I tried, in which you had to make an exception for the game's .exe in your antivirus. Some people even suggested turning off the antivirus completely while playing (no thanks). Nonetheless, I got these results  performing the fix, because before the fix, it always went straight to option 3. Still, do you really think  is in order? Another issue I encountered was the game freezing . Sometimes it even froze my whole desktop (keep in mind that while actually in-game I encountered no performance issues like fps drops or such whatsoever).The other problems I had besides these (and other minor bugs I didn't really pay attention to) were simply the matchmaking failing to get me into a match because "A secure connection couldn't be established to the host.". Well, maybe if , don't you think so, Infinity Ward???Maybe this game would be worth buying, if you find it at a sale for 20-25$ (its actual value imo), and if you are willing to go through tech support hell to play it. As I said before, this is not Call of Duty, but it is something surprisingly good (at least gameplay-wise), probably because I didn't go into it having high expectations. But even so, I can't reccomend it in the current state of the multiplayer. But hey, if you're just getting it for the story or zombies mode, then maybe it would be worth it? Let's be honest though, who plays CoD for the story, mates?TL;DR: Not Call of Duty, but a game with really good gameplay. It's not worth it though, because of the technical issues it has that make the game almost unplayable in multiplayer.
Call of Duty: Infinite Crashing Warfare
crashes crashes free weekend crashes free crashes many many many crasheslot crashes nothing but crashes and all drivers works fine and are updated and still crashes please buy it so you can enjoy crashes too
Freezes every time I change the options and try to load a game. Glad I didn't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥haha. I feel sorry for who ever bought it.
-rep stupid futuristic♥♥♥♥♥♥that only stupid 8 years old fat american kids like
Horrible Game.
Surprisingly good, but not all that goodI already have the Xbox One version of this game, as I bought it to play MWR, so that's how I've experienced the game.So honestly, I was pleasantly surprised when playing IW here on Steam. Minus the 3-5 minute"pre-loading shaders" BS, the game was responsive, ran well on menus, and was generally a good experience. I didn't want to♥♥♥♥♥♥myself off playing a public match, so I booted up a multiplayer game with bots just now and I had a fun time.I have a somewhat weak rig, (GTX 1050ti 4GB, AMD FX6300, 8GB RAM) but the game ran infinitely better than Black Ops 3. I had 50-60fps at all times, and I was playing on mostly high settings at max res, max internal res, etc. It is worth noting that I opted to use "optimal settings" and got these results, meaning the pc devs have seemingly put effort into this version. Black Ops 3 on this same rig runs awfully, because there's always stuttering, slowdowns, sluggish menus, etc. But as far as CoD goes, this seems to be a very good port.I heard kill trading was removed as well, though it is an option in custom games which is nice. You'll find a lot of neat features and customization in this game, not with characters and guns, but how you want to play the game. So that's also nice.As for the actual game itself, I can't recommend it. The campaign is better than what we've had in recent years. The characters have some degree of personality, and some features from BO3 such as custom weapon classes have been brought back as well. It was generally enjoyable, though my dislike for BO3's campaign may be blinding me from seeing IW's campaign more objectively.The multiplayer... Where do I start. First off, everybody uses the NV4 or that laser SMG I keep hearing about. While kill trading was removed, the fact it even existed for a time feels insane. I'm the guy to yell from a mountain top about how CoD needs to fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥and stop rewarding players with the best/worse connection (aka MAKE A NEW ENGINE ADAPTED FOR TODAY'S STANDARDS) but kill trading is not the answer. The futuristic stuff is insane. Everybody is constantly flying around and everything is just hard to follow, and there's weird stuff like grenades that follow you around, stuff like that. It ultimately follows BO3's formula, so if you have BO3 you've already played this game. IW's multiplayer is absolutely nothing to get excited about. It's not all that fun. Infected can be a blast, but few people here on PC play it anyway.As for zombies? Well I don't play Zombies. But the few times I've played the map it comes with, it's been good fun with friends. Also David Hasselhoff. It's not entirely different from Treyarch's zombies, and I'd imagine most religious zombies players are occupied with Chronicles, so I wouldn't buy IW just for this.In the long run, I'll praise IW for being a good port as opposed to BO3, and having a nice weekend killer of a campaign. Also David Hasselhoff. But the multiplayer is the same, if not worse than other iterations, and to top it all off it's just not all that great. Keep in mind I initially played this on my Xbox One, so that's how I perceive the game.
Didn't even get past the match loading screen and it crashed every time I tried changing a video setting.
who would pay for this absolute piece of garbage !!! cant even run the game without it crashing, i would recomend an hot sauce en*ma before recomending this.
Good ol fashioned COD but with ♥♥♥♥♥ier Titanfall mechanics
I can't even change the graphics settings without the game freezing.
another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cod game i only played it during the free weekend its not even worth the 50GB download they should stop making these to steal money from kids and instead make something good ♥♥♥♥ everyone who made this and the older titles
Optimisation for certain PCs sucked. Multiplayer was laggy and map design was all over the place. Plays exactly like Insurgency, except Insurgency doesn't morph you into a killer microtransaction-fuelled robot.
this game you cant even play because people just fly round the corner and ra.pe your face with shotguns and snipers all he people that like the game and just sweats or try hards
Stupid free weekend just wanto play zombies but you're not allowed only multiplayer that sucks♥♥♥♥♥
fuggin Cod scrubs
omggg it is so♥♥♥♥♥♥when i go to game i find a match then 5 minutes i have a crash and i cant play ♥♥♥♥ing gameeee ???
GAME CANT EVEN LOAD A MATCH WTF
Literally so broken that I couldn't even access the very ♥♥♥♥ing game during the free weekend. It legit wouldn't work. Only once was I able to access the multiplayer throughout, and even then it just felt like this empty, bland, soulless and underdesigned bore of a game. Black Ops III or better yet Titanfall 2 way more deserves your money if you're looking for this type of a game.
do NOT even waste your time playing this game during the free weekend, long loading time, and it crashed on me twice, computer specs i have are an AMD Ryzen 5 1500x quad core 3.5 Gz, 16 GB of ram DDR4 and a geforce 970, this game is garbage.
Honestly tried it and the game crashed. I wanted to play and try the game out for the free weekend. You can only play the multiplayer on the trial version, not worth it to me.
what the f**k is this worst cod ever
to much jumping around
I had a tiny bit of enjoyment...when i hit the uninstall button. CoD should be put down like an old miserable dog in pain.P.S. This game is dead the only game mode i could find was TDM none of the other modes had any people in it1/10
This game sucks and I would not buy it or any other of there games. There is so many toxic people in this game so if you do not like toxic people do not buy this. And lastly I hate all this company games they did a really bad job on the match makeing, when I was level 1 I was paired with level 50's and up. 0/10 should not buy.
Free multiplayer weekends are for multiplayers. Not singe players. Lesson learned.
its worse than the worst.
OK so I'm going to start off by saying that the review is written on a Free weekendLet's get to reviewing Overall the game isn't that bad, just it should not be called COD.Maybe it's time for activision to branch out and make a separate game,I just can't get over the boost jumping and the futuristic setting.For me CoD is the simplistic shooter that everyone can pick up and have some fun,The variants, operators and the special weapons are just overcomplicating the game.The maps for me are looking out of place, some of them are bright and beautiful and don't look like a battlefield to me, also there are some maps that are too narrow for the advanced movement in my opinion.Idk if it's because of the free weekend or the game has a problem with cheaters but I encountered my first one in my first 30 minutes of gameplay.The game seems to be unoptimised as there are some some areas in certain maps that make my fps go mad. When this happened I Alt+Tabbed out but the game froze so I had to restart my pc.When I restarted I went ot GeForce experience and made the quality to performance slider to to the  middle as before it was 3/4 to quality. I launched the game again and had the same problems at certaing maps. But this could be a promblem just in my case (specs at the end of the reviewI didn't play a lot I got to level 13/14 but the 2 weapons Id main-ed were the first AR and SMG.I really enjoyed the gunplay.I had some fun online but if I had payed $50/60 I would have refunded the game.As I stated at the beging of the review I played at a free weekend and did not get to experience the Singleplayer campain or the zombies gamemode. I could easily see myself sink 50 hrs into the game if counting campain and zombies.Over all you can always set a stopwatch on your phone for 110 mins and check out the game for yourself and refund if you think you don't justify spending $60 on it.(My pc is form the end of 2015 I5-4460 Gtx 960 8GB of ram)
OK so I'm going to start off by saying that the review is written on a Free weekendLet's get to reviewing Overall the game isn't that bad, just it should not be called COD.Maybe it's time for activision to branch out and make a separate game,I just can't get over the boost jumping and the futuristic setting.For me CoD is the simplistic shooter that everyone can pick up and have some fun,The variants, operators and the special weapons are just overcomplicating the game.The maps for me are looking out of place, some of them are bright and beautiful and don't look like a battlefield to me, also there are some maps that are too narrow for the advanced movement in my opinion.Idk if it's because of the free weekend or the game has a problem with cheaters but I encountered my first one in my first 30 minutes of gameplay.The game seems to be unoptimised as there are some some areas in certain maps that make my fps go mad. When this happened I Alt+Tabbed out but the game froze so I had to restart my pc.When I restarted I went ot GeForce experience and made the quality to performance slider to to the  middle as before it was 3/4 to quality. I launched the game again and had the same problems at certaing maps. But this could be a promblem just in my case (specs at the end of the reviewI didn't play a lot I got to level 13/14 but the 2 weapons Id main-ed were the first AR and SMG.I really enjoyed the gunplay.I had some fun online but if I had payed $50/60 I would have refunded the game.As I stated at the beging of the review I played at a free weekend and did not get to experience the Singleplayer campain or the zombies gamemode. I could easily see myself sink 50 hrs into the game if counting campain and zombies.Over all you can always set a stopwatch on your phone for 110 mins and check out the game for yourself and refund if you think you don't justify spending $60 on it.(My pc is form the end of 2015 I5-4460 Gtx 960 8GB of ram)
This game is an absolute joke. Couldn't even start one thing, no instructions given for how to begin multiplayer, and when I tried to start a custom game, it would load for a couple minutes, then crash.0/10 wouldn't recommend trying to make a game work for a couple hours only to find out that it either crashes, or gives no help on how to actually start multiplayer, and when trying to pick a rig for the first time, it crashed too.TL;DR:Game crashes a lot.
For a franchise that has so much money and players they don't put in the effort to stop hackers/aimbot users. Shame. Didn't try the campaign on the free weekend and yes there will be more hackers on the free weekends but regardless I'm disappointed.
Downloaded game for free weekend. Took 10 hours, then had to wait for shaders to load. Was excited to play zombies, need to buy full game...Never been so pist in my life...Extra Thicc/10
Controls ar the worst!
Activision in this case doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about PC anyways. Don't waste your money on this junk.
Call of Duy: Infinite loadingCrashes as soon as I press "Multiplayer"
Filled with hackers....well done
Okay, I didn't actually play the game, but lets be honest, what am I missing out on? I'm only gonna sum up the current COD series in one word, ugh.
Only one game mode works and it isn't intuitive UI to use. Not only did I waste 50 GB of download but also my spare time as when I tried the first time it crashed in the pre-mp sequel and then everytime trying to find a game it said disconnected from host. Complete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't waste your time with this one. It's actually what I expected from Inifinity Ward.Dear IW,Go suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥br>Sincerely|208|)4\/\/6
Free weekend is the biggest ♥♥♥♥ing joke ive seen. No campaign access or zombies and on top of it all multiplayer doesnt work either. So after a long wait and 63GB of my 300GB cap gone i got a broken game thanks treyarch.
fix the game..fatal error exceeded maximum number of script variables (children)..as i can see this has been going on for a will, with more then just this COD version..Advanced warfare had the same error type,, last time i buy COD.. learned my leason( did learned it before, but had forgot about it)
I downloaded 50GB to try it out for free until Sunday... Only to be told I need to buy this content on Steam in order to play it! I have 1 day and 8 hours left, but I cannot play the demo. Useless exercise, waste of my time.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! NO
The ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Who makes game like theese???
The ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Who makes game like theese???
Worst Call of duty game i have ever played...i legit forgot i was playing COD when i was mid game and thought i was on titalfall... WHERE DID COD go... and what is this bs its been replaced by... THIS IS WHY you need to stop merging your games based off ( new seller series ) once you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥copied titalfall ( which was a flop game to begin with ) you ruined the core features of what brought cod together... good luck... gg id say well played... but you guys killed that a while ago ( why dont you hire dr disrespect to at least design a map lol )i will finish off my free weekend when my other games are down./ updating but i will not purchase this game... happy to know i wasnt missing out of anything......2,588 In-Game... there are currently more people in Infestations... and that is bad...
Firstly, I am not a fan of the CoD games but decided to try it anyway. So, I tried this game and it crashed everytime at a different spot. Everytime. But I insisted and first tied to launch a custom game that wouldnt launch god know why, then tried to join an online game that was blocked dont know why (not just one server was blocked, i just couldnt click on fin a game or anything but create a class and exit) so I just quit being even more diaspointed than expected.
Thought id give it a go as it was free but its just BAD! very dated engine. after playing modern shooters like bf1 and overwatch its leagues behind. runs poorly stutter and missing frames fps is capped at 91. it wasnt worth wait for the 50Gb download.
Pice of ****. Tried the free trial. Can't play anything at all. Tried offline with bots. Just crashed. Don't even bother downloading this one.
Pure Trash. Not Even worth downloading for the free weekend
This game was genuinely a good laugh. Hillarious, because of the crashes.>changes graphics settings>crash>join lobby>crash>clicks campaign>crash>puts red dot sight on create a class>crash>left click>crash>leaves alone for 5 minutes>crash>does nothing>crash>loads in "safe" mode>crash>open vs debugger>vs debugger crashesThis has been one hillariously broken experience. There is nothing good about this game except laughing at how it doesn't work. (also, unofficial patch did not work).50GB for a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now I gotta defrag my whole HDD for this non-sense.
This is the worst Call of Duty game ever released. I got this game for free but its not even worth that, I should be paid to play a game as bad as this. Save your money and wait for COD WWII should be better than this garbage.
The worst episode of franchise i ever played.Controls are bugged and sucks.Multiplayer sucks.Selling MW Remastered (should be offered) sucks.
These games are just space action shooter junk with no actual connection to the roots of the game.Couldnt find a match when I tried to play. Rotated through all the game modes. Must not be well liked.Wanted this for the CoD4 remake but Activision went full on rip-off it seems. Time to put the franchise down, boys,
After a few days of random CTDs that got more and more frequent I decided to just delete this bland and remarkably dissappointing 'AAA' title. I even tried clean installs of my graphics and sound drivers but no joy. CoD isn't what it once was, especially in SP mode. :/I struggled to get this running well at all and that's with a 1080 GTX Super Jetstream GPU, 16GB of 3200MHz DDR4 RAM and an Intel 5630k CPU! Poor show.
this game is just bad by evreymean nv4 is just evreywhere and the exo oh boi oh boiruns good on my pc atleast but dont buy this stay away from this even if this is 1$ thanks.
I was looking to buy this game for a long time, but after trying it out on the free weekend i decided  not to spend a dime on this piece of ♥♥♥♥ing crap, the game won't even run in fullscreen mode, the settings are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you have minimal options to change graphics settings, infinity ward you can go ♥♥♥♥ off.
♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever bad controls typical story boring multiplayer it desreved the hate it got save the 30$ for your lunch today son dont buy this junk ever
Infinite crashing simulator Warfare, Infinite Loading Screens Warfare.
I played only the multiplayer during the free weekend I feel violated by near everything this game does.The movement system is trashy and should be burned for its sins, Aswell as people having the exact same gun as me but better because P2W and premium currency is in the game (granted enough time has passed for people to have legitimantly unlocked those weapons.) The only thing I enjoyed in this game were the menus as they were very sleek and had just enough information to not make it feel like wasted space while still telling you about the weapon/rig/crate/anything else you are looking for.As I have only played the multiplayer I won't condem the single however it is likely it still feels the same way.3/10  I wouldn't play this even if I was paid to.
Well i waited an hour and 20 minutes to play this game for free only to play my first Multiplayer match and be placed against a person whos wall hacking and aimbotting...
⁧
Free multiplayer weekend. Played for an hour, the game is decent. But not for me, too chaotic and poor matchmaking. Also, there are some toxic players making the teamchat very salty.Cant see why I should bother investing time into this.
Tragic
Free weekend.Sat in lobby to play Crash Simulator.10 / 10 would crash again.
BOOOOOOO
Downloaded this game, takes forever to load Multiplayer, crashes for anonymous reasons, Uninstalled this game. Successfuly wasted 55 Gigs of Data!! -_- ;_;#CODSUCKS
You will crash at least 90x before you can play, oh, i almost forgot to mention after those 90 crashes, you will have to wait a minimum of 2 years before the level FINALLY FU**** LOADS. -100000/10
Freezes and quits
pretty crap and didn't let me play zombies :'(
Couldn't connect to machmaking services even once.
♥♥♥♥♥Game♥♥♥♥♥♥Game.
Tried during free weekend. Can't even join a game as it simply crashes.
Crap...
played for free... its complete♥♥♥♥♥♥.. cod 4 is a classic and mw2 is a legend THATS WHAT WE WANT.multiplayer is dead even on free weekend btw
Takes forever to load a multiplayer map, crashes, crashes system as well.
they allow hackers to run wild do not buy this game
Downloaded the game, started the game, game restarted and then crashed. Uninstalled the game.
got a free mp weekendno campaign so no comment there.for the mp... it sux. small maps and bad feel(immersion)
...
I  serched 1 game to 30 minets / nice game
Call of Duty is officially dead to me. God has left this planet due to the release of this game. Jk, it still poopy tho.
Call of Duty is officially dead to me. God has left this planet due to the release of this game. Jk, it still poopy tho.
I thought I would try this with the free multiplayer weekend, its been a long time since I have played cod and was curious how its doing. We all knew this game was bad, but I didn't think it could have been this bad. Opened the game and the game crashed while pre rendering shaders, next it crashed when i went to the quartermaster screen, after that it crashed while i was in create a class, then it crashed two times while it was trying to load a team death match, then i tried doing free for all and there was no one playing it so i went back to team death match and it instantly crashed, tried team death match three more times and crashed everytime. Even though cod has been consistantly bad for almost a decade, at least the games worked. I wanted to at least give the game a shot, but that is clearly not possible and only proved to myself more that no one should by a call of duty game any more. Also why the hell is this game over 50gigs, what could possibly be in this game to make it so large, the witcher 3 is only around 35gigs. Hopefully the uninstall process wont crash on me.
Terrible just terrible. I waited 5 hours plus for it to download. then it was set to the highest resoloution on my laptop which is way too high and i got 10 fps. i try to tone it down and it is locked. i cant change my resoloution. i am stuck at 10 fps. took 5 hrs to download.
This game was made by one of the largest video game companies to date, yet it can't manage to fill a 16 man team deathmatch lobby after 5 minutes of waiting. Even during the free weekend. The multiplayer is utterly dead.Also who in the ♥♥♥♥ thought it was a good idea to remove the most popular game mode in cod (S&D).
♥♥♥♥ing waste of money dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy
♥♥♥♥♥
Tried this for a free weekend promo. Thank god I didn't have to pay to try this game.This game is obviously not optimized for PC, as I was experiencing multiple frame drops even though I'm running a GTX 1060. Don't actually buy this game. Just don't do it.
TL:DR - multiplayer is extremely poor, very few matches and lots of buggy servers. If singleplayer were accessable during free weekend then it might be worth the $0I downloaded this for the free weekend. Half the time i couldnt play because it wouldnt find any other players. a quater of the time i couldnt play because the servers were having issues and everyone simply loaded into servers that would only show the score tab and never actually load a new game. The final quater of the time was great, if you want to play softcore team deathmatch and noting else. Even single player didnt work so i dont know if it is any good or if i would like it, so my only experiance with the game is the very underwhelming multiplayer that mostly dose not function. I hope Activision realises that most would almost certainly like singleplayer but to remove it for the free weekend, exposing players to the poor conditions of multiplayer that warrented such poor rankings with the steam community wont get them any money.
The BadCheaters (IN ALL HONESTY) About the 25 headshots from one guy who knew where i was at ALL times without a UAV.. i quit.Preshaders loading took forever and my PC is fastTook forever to get into a game seems the only thing they play is TDM i like HCTDM and it took about 10 minutes to get into a game.  Matter of fact it take FOREVER to get into a game and the worse thing is when you finally find a game and it wont let you connect with the host server.Console version beats this version of the game in every way but maybe graphics.The good...... as far as multiplayer goes i can see no good other than graphics THATS IT.YOU ARE BETTER OFF STICKING WTH THE CONSOLE VERSIONS OF THIS GAME BY CONTRAST OF MULTIPLAYER.HORRIBLE and i really didn't want to admit that the negative reviews on this game are true reviews.... but they are.  STEER CLEAR HERE UNLESS YOU ARE PLAYING THE CAMPAIGN OR ZOMBIES..... MULTIPLAYER IS A NO GO.GAME OVER
horrible
Honestly downloaded on free weekend just to see if it worked on my computer. Surprisingly smooth. Only played multiplayer, but it does feel like a CoD game (up to you if that is good or bad).Unfortunately, game seems to be plauged by aimbotting. Now I usually give people the benifit of the doubt, but watching a kill cam snap to three heads in quick succession is suspect. Played about 4 games, all games had at least one. Might be a free weekend thing, but sucked any enjoyment I would hav had out of the game.
TRIED to play demo game kept Crashing...... demo crashes = game crash thanks for saving me $$$$. shame to see this happened with an infintity COD
I tried playing the free weekend with one of my friends. First off, the game wouldnt even start for me. You can check on my profile for my pc specs and I couldn't even load into the game without it crashing. My friend had a different experience however. While my game wasnt loading at all, he managed to start a game. The only issue is 2 minutes into the game (where he was the only player) his computer blue screened. His computer is much like mine. The game has terrible optimisation and would fall under the catergory of litterally unplayable.
bad game the online dosnt working
Do yourself a favor and buy Titanfall 2.
I wonder how it feels to be a part of a dying series.I miss Modern Warfare 2...
I wonder how it feels to be a part of a dying series.I miss Modern Warfare 2...
all stuff locked except multiplayer, all free weekend new player going to get owned...so basically new cod player download the 50G big file to increase kill dead ratio for old player...
Started up the game, and the graphics amazed me. Played for a bit, and realized how shallow the gameplay is, and how grind/pay2win it is. Shoot someone 8 times, then get shot once with a level 99999 gun. Also, the campaign is locked for me, so I can't play the only part I looked forward to playing.
Load for 15 minutes, the wiat for a server to never fill, and crash changing settings. THe best  first half hour of a game ever.  Typical call Of Duty. There is a reason this game series is the laughing stock of the industry.
-Downloaded it from free weekend promotion-Requested Refund
Buggy, unintuitive, repetitive gameplay that we've seen for the past 4 years.
Its already filled with hacked players this is Garbage..............
I would put something helpful or insightful here but apparently Activision doesn't know how to fix a broken console port. I cannot load any match, level, etc. and the game crashes on a consistent basis. It is actually, literally unplayable. Do not get this piece of garbage, even if it is free.
I stopped playing Call of duty after I bought Advanced Warfare and was unable to find any online matches. I saw this and thought to myself "huh I guess I'll try it for free." How do they release something so poorly optimized? I couldn't even get passed the create a class screen without the game crashing. Horrible stuttering in both audio and video. I'm glad I never bought this. Not even a remaster of Modern Warfare would make this okay.
Ok so im going to be short, sweet, and to the point.Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare is a money grab, and in fact this franchise has been milked more than skyrim do be honest XD.its buggy, studders, and has a cancer fanbase that hacks the game all the time. So... what if you want to play a futuristic FPS game with a good fanbase, that does not run like crap, and gets good support. Well we have Lawbreakers. a true alturnative to this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ money grab AND a successor to Overwatch (which in turn was a successor to team fortress).EDIT: i now regret saying Lawbreakers....
The servers are either:A - Dead.. only games in TDM can be foundB - Hacker filledIts PC CoD... what did you expect?
So this is a DLC for Black Ops 3 right?
Worst FPS
DOG♥♥♥♥♥
COD used to be my thing. Then came Advanced Warfare. I played Counter-Strike after that. Now this. In other words. This is why I still play Counter-Strike.
I know I only played a little bit of it due to the free multiplayer weekend, but jesus christ, the multiplayer is basically unplayable. Keep in mind, I only played the multiplayer. So, I don't know if the zombies mode or the singleplayer campaign is any good. But, judging the game from the multiplayer aspect, which most people play CoD for, it's unplayable (or at least that's what I've seen) because it's a stutter fest. My gameplay experience was nothing but lag, stuttering, and jittering and whatnot. It's a mess. Every gunfight literally boiled down to me shooting somebody and all of sudden they disappear and shoot me in the back or at my sides. It's not my internet because I tried the game on a local private server and it still stuttered. Avoid this game if you want to play this just for multiplayer.
bad game
Loading Screen Simulator: COD Edition
just play cs go, community isnt toxic, you don't try have to try hard and people are just nice and helpful
The game just froze constantly. I wasn't able to even play...
Literally cannot join a game, crashes every time
Dont bother downloading this game on a free weekend.... everything is locked in menus... says requires game purchase to play...why even give  a free weekend then?CANT WAIT FOR WWII... bought already!
This is one HORRIBLE game. Been a Huge fan of COD for years and this is just a disgrace to the franchise. It doesnt even feel like COD in any way. I refused to buy this game when it first came out. Now that they are having a free weekend I figured I would at least try it and OMG am I glad I didnt buy this. I played multiplayer for maybe 10 mins and couldnt take it anymore. It was horrible in every way.
Best part about this game was waiting for it to download. Multiplayer crashed every time I even attempted to click on the option, and it's NOT my graphics settings.
This is a waste of hard drive space. When your mouse lags in the menus, you know you're playing a pile of trash.
Thanks for the "Free Weekend" on this one. Guess I wish I would have realized that I needed to purchase the game in order to play most of the content. Glad I spent a good chunk of my data bandwidth for the month downloading this. Oh, and the fact that you need a super computer for this to play half way decently is a nice GOTCHA. Better luck next time.
Once it finally downloaded (60GB or so) it froze several times and froze before i could even find a game in TDM. Terrible experience on the free weekend... and that's before the gameplay experience
Waste of a 60gig download, couldn't find servers, ports open. UI is really not friendly, and it loves to crash.
Capped at 91 fps in Multiplayer. This game should never have been ported over to PC.Almost as bad as CoD:Ghosts. And to me this is the worst CoD game in history.Support is also bad, my friend still can´t start the game that he bought. And has not recieved an answer yet either.I wouldn´t recommend this game to anyone.
I have had the game for about 15 minutes and the game has crashed about 3-5 times.I havnt even joined a multiplayer game yet.
Waited for a free play weekend, then found out its multiplayer only which already is a let down. Downloaded it anyways since it was free and its so poorly optimized for pc i couldnt even play it on a gtx1070 overclocked, i7 6700k overclocked and 16gb of ram. it even froze the pc just by clicking options menu.
Absoultely horrible, and downright unplayable. If you get through the tutorial without crashing or encountering an astonishing number of freezes, you will most probably crash before every multiplayer match. Buy this game if you have already bought every other crappy CoD game ever made, and still want to pursue your dream of owing another utterly crappy CoD title.
I have not played the campaign, but the multiplayer is horrible. The movements and mechanics are not fluid at all, reagardless if you use a mouse/ keyboard or controller.
the first game i played i found a cheater the second game the same cheater.there is about 2 lobbies going on at all time and you have a 50% chance of finding the aimbotting cheater i've only played the trial version but i can tell cod gives no ♥♥♥♥♥ anymore and went from being the most popular franchise to the least wanted they used to care about creating good games now they just want money i hope ww2 is better because i pre-ordered it ages ago.
i saw infinite warfare free weekend so i load it up and i cant play anything it says i have to purchase the game to play it.   ._.???????
i cannot recommend this game, because its crash fest 2016-2017
Don't waste electricity downloading this crap.
I cant believe i thought about paying for this ♥♥♥♥ing trash. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not i tried to play this game for 21 minutes and nothing. Its ♥♥♥♥ing garbage and the developers clearly are incapable of producing a quality video games on pc. btw the process is called "call of duty game" smh.
Free weekend is a great way to see if a game is worth the money.Although i could only play multiplayer, i did give this game a try.And i was dissapointed, the game just feels laggy and my gtx 1060 couldnt get stable 60 fps, not on high nor medium.the netcode is so bad and the graphics are underwhelming, this weekend titanfall 2 is also free to play and it is a way better game, better graphics, better wallruning jumps and slides, and the story in titanfall 2 looks decentin  conlcusion this game looks and feels like a bad port, oh and Titanfall 2>COD IW
Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ f*cking Cod is aids
This game is just boring... enough said...
Soo glad i never payed for this.... i had an itch to try another fps game... 31 minutes and im totally done with it. this game is not worth ♥♥♥♥ all and you would probabbly be better of burning your money. hell the game auto limited its self to 24 fps untill i got into a match to configure the video settings. i could not find a way to adjust settings before getting into a match and no im not running on a potatoe (gtx 1070 and a 6600k just so you have a slight idea) turns out that was what the game set the fps cap to about 24 fps.
This review is of the free-to-play weekend, or should I say free-to-crash weekend. Great work, second time I've played a Call of Duty game that is extremely unoptimized for PC.  Mind you, I'm running an i7-770K, GTX 1060 6GB system and it crashes on map loading every time.  It lags through the settings and after roughly 20 minutes of trying to find a game and the client crashing, I give up.  I'll stick to Battlefield, thanks.
This is very poorly optimized for the pc. I was hoping to see it at least bring me a little bit of arcade style joy but all it gave me was low frames and bad keyboard controls. As a disclaimer my PC runs over 60 fps in Star Citizen on Ultra and it is connected via ethernet, so no it was not my computers fault.
They give a free weekend and can't make it work after 1 year ? Tried to find game but it crashed every time ( stopped working) for 30 min... cant even give it a shot. Menus are cool tho overall 0.5/10
Runs like garbagePlays like garbageLooks like garbageSounds like garbageBalances like garbageConnects like garbageRehashes like garbageRespawns like garbage
Boring after the first couple PVP mathes. 3/10 for trying.
Feels like you're walking through gravel, default controls are pretty damn bad, looking around with a mouse feels horrible, overall game feels unnatural, and the matchmaking puts level 1s and 2s with presitge 5+ players.
Constantly crashes, boring and repetitive gameplay.
This game sucks cant even load zombies/multiplayer match.
Feels the same as the last 3 games, just more bullsh*t.
this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥br>
Mutiplayer is just filled with "be the highest rank and just kill things with ease" no real good feature about the new ranking system. I just wish we had the old days where you had just classes and that was it, no stupid sub class gun ability modifier that helps with aim and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yeah you have to work for them, but when it gives a massive unfair advantage for players like me who wanted to try it out first before i even think about buying it because of the rank difference between players. Just please stop this♥♥♥♥♥♥before it gets worse... Campaign is okay to have this, mutiplayer is not... 10/10 -IGN
Can't even play it without crashing.
Tried free weekend to see where COD has gone since COD 4. Played two rounds, uninstalled. So Bayed.
It wont stop crashing before I even get into a game.
yeah ♥♥♥♥ this game lol
says play for free  weekend  so did the download ,started game  , ckicked campain, said  you dont own this content  go to steam and buy it . SO MUCH FOR FREE WEEKEND
got crash everytime i log in, at least i can claim my refund from this game, Waste my time
Just genuinely bad
I'd rather 6 large ♥♥♥♥♥♥s break into my house and drag me into my backyard to ♥♥♥♥ me for 3 days straight until I die from dehydration than to re-install this game and play another second of it, awful servers awful gun balance, just an awful game all around. I understand that it's a CoD game, but it's worse than any of the previous ones I think I developed inoperable tumors just from confirming my purchase of this game. if you want cancer you can just buy this, if you don't want cancer just don't buy it, or even look at it.
-Load up COD-Sees no settings in the main menu-Clicks multiplayer and sees the settings-Thought to self "what a weird design choice"-Click settings-Game freezes-Call of Duty game has stopped working message pops up :/-Uninstalled-0/10 Regretted wasting bandwidth to download
Call of Duty PC ports have been dead for years, this is probably the worst out of alll them, Poor optimization, garbage shader loading every other week, dead player base and the damage model in this game is absolute trash. I thought I was buying Call Of Duty, a fast paced arcade like shooter, but this just takes the♥♥♥♥♥♥..
cod garbage
its just a rehashed game just like all the others. multiplayer is old campaign is old.
free weekend is a waste of time i cant even join a multiplayer game cause i keep ♥♥♥♥ing crashing
right when i load the game it works for like 5 mins then crashes, it sucks!
This is possibly the worst game i have ever played i can't even get in to a game because every 5 minutes it crashes.
Tried Free Weekend (28.07.17).Downloaded for 2 hours (50 GB).Started it, played one Team-Deathmatch.Uninstalled right after.
Dead game. No search and destroy. Crap Maps. Go play on consoles.
the uninstall button works greatly.
Probably the worst game I've ever played.Badly optimized, unbalanced weapon variants, agressive/salty community, almost dead community.So many things wrong with this game.
This is worst than ghosts.
Played on the free weekend. Didn't even take a full match to decide it wasn't worth my time. Despite my PC well exceeding the system requirements, the game stuttered and performed poorly.  That said, it just wasn't good even when it did perform adequately. The complaints about this game appear to be well-deserved.
63GB just to download the MP only version of the game? Pffft, pass. The other reviews complaining about hackers in MP just reaffirms my belief that CoD is cookie cutter trash that not even the devs care about.
Not good. Steam is currently on their "free weekend" for this game but they must have forgot to mention it was only multiplayer which im not really interested in for starters. So yeah a little burnned i just downloaded 50 some Gb just to wait 10 minutes for it to initalize shaders and then click single player and be told to go buy the game then click multiplayer and be told i have to restart to install updates which were apperently not installed before hand because... you know....? Anyway ofc i click restart and it crashes and locks my computer up ♥♥♥♥ this game. Also the few seconds i had the game open there wasnt even a settings page on the main menu? wtf
Atleast Alt + F4 works when I reilized what I got myself into.
Gave it a try , worst idea ever. By far the worst Call Of Duty I've ever played . Tried my best to enjoy it , didn't happen. PS: No setting to change your sensitivity for ADS and HIP , WTF IS THAT?
Whoever gave the greenlight to let this game ship in this state should leave the game industry
Wow first game I get into there's an aimbotter and the game completely lags out. Bad start, game.
Call of Duty needs to be taken out to the barn like Old Yeller.
TRIGERD ALERT!!!!!!!well...                                                             Let me start by saing I have a gtx1070 with a i5-7500k and 16g ram.Ive tried to play the game .And the game just seemed to refused to run -_- . Every time I launched a multiplayer game the game crashed even before the game loaded.My friend also couldnt play the game.The game itself I very dark and a bit sad.In short; this game lacks port to pc and it does not suit to be titeled as a triple A game.trash can/10#R.I.P COD   #would_not_buy    #AAA?     #60$?
Plays like hot garbage. Don't bother buying it. The campaign is great, but this port is just poorly done.
After spending an hour downloading this game, and 5 minutes "Preloading the Shaders," I find out that I cannot try out the campaign mode and the zombie mode. So, I select the only option left, Multiplayer, only to find out that I need to download an update on a game that I finished downloading 2 minutes ago. Do I recommend this game? No. It is no wonder this has received terrible reviews. Uninstalling immediately.
not as good as previous call of duty games...truly disgusted.
Download CoD:IW 2hoursLog into game... hmm where is my Search N Destroy(Ah it is bundled in Mosh Pit)Selects Mosh Pit... Watches youtube while waiting.1 hour later still waiting... yea ok let's try TDM1 hour later still waiting.. yea ok let's tryUNINSTALLING THIS POS
I tried to play the free weekend, but when i opened the game and when i started multiplayer the menu was all black and the creat a class menu was also black. I couldn't even get in to a game. I could connect to a lobby but it would just say "Game Started, Loading match" and then it would just crash. It crashed every time i did anything.0/10 would never recommend
Got it free for the weekend. No tutorial, no explanation how anything worked, I couldn't even figure out how to crouch. People running on walls and sliding along the ground. No thanks. I'm glad I haven't bought this futuristic COD crap for the past couple of years.
First of all, Infinity Ward really ♥♥♥♥ed up by making Infinite Warfare free weekend Multiplayer only. With having Campaign and Zombies mode accesible it would have probably hooked the consumer in to actually fork over the 30$ to actually buy the game. Multiplayer is awful and its time to kill is way to quick. People could say "oh maybe its cause you're a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ player" naw ♥♥♥♥♥ its cause i didnt even have time to aim at this♥♥♥♥♥♥  i literally played every mode in under 50 minutes and  it didnt evn keep me entertained. If Infinity Ward ever wants to make money on a game again, they need to listen to their consumers.
Tried it for a few minutes. The free weekend on Steam sounded like a good idea, but the game wouldn't allow me to select campaign due to not owning it. So I tried multiplayer. Somehow the other players survive a rocket to the face, but kill me with one shot of their little guns. Super realistic!0/10 would not load shaders again
nope
♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥
TRASH... It literally can't start! I've verified game cache twice and whenever I start the game it is just a frozen black screen with the COD logo... I WANT A REFUND of my time even downloading this. Hot garbage/10!
I tried playing mulitplayer and this was my experience:I started the game and waited for about 3 min for some shaders to be set up. Well ... not a good first impression but fine, I'll bear with it.Then I clicked the multiplayer button, after which I'm being told that i needed to restart the game... The impression is getting worse...I clicked multiplayer again, then wanted to change some video options... Game freezes. -> Restart -> changed another option -> game freezed again... this repeated for each option I wanted to change in the video menu, which was 9 times!... I' starting to get angry.Now that the game is set up, I thought it's done crashing, but no!Before joining any games, you have to watch some intro cutscenes, which, you guessed it, crashed halfway through.My blood is boiling now.After another try I actally managed to get into a queue without the game crashing, just to have it crash after an about 5 min load time into some map.(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻Can i refund my time spent on this? This game is not even worth giving away for free
no no excuses
Preloading Review...
A lot of people are going to say they don't like this game for one reason or another besides the fact that it is just not fun to play. So let me be one of the people to tell you that there are much more fun, and worth-while, games to play. Espescially for the price.
26 min and uninstalling that crap ... free weekend
one of the worst games i have ever played.
one of the worst games i have ever played.
Not even worth the harddrive space for the free weekend.It's awful. The stock weapons are objectively the worst guns you can use. The game is riddled with pay-to-win perk weapons that you can only unlock through gambling. Just let this game die out.
When you thought that Activision couldn't make a game worse than Ghosts:But wait, there's more!
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game
Bo3 was better then thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥..
NO!!! IT JUST â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING SUCKS!!! NO DOUBT!!!
doesn't stop crashing after latest patch
A better name would be "infinite crashes". I tried for 1 hour to join a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing match but it just keeps crashing.Even when i change the video settings it crashes even tho my pc specs are over "recomended".If you don't want to waste your time and money don't buy this bullsh*t.- 2/10 -
always stops working basicallyâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
Useless waste of time. Constantly crashes. The story is turd, the space stuff is ssssssssssâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ttttttte. Deleted.60gb wasted. Game constantly crashes.Im surpised this company is still going. Put your money in to a better game.
Its really just â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ Titanfall
Can't play anything.
game is not optomized for PC at all , could not manage to get into a single MP game , everytime its about to start , the game crashes.  Do not buy this game at all costs.
You Have Been Disconnected From The Steam Review Servers Please Try Again or Visit  for updates. Error Code: 42069
It takes 5 â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing minutes to load the shaders after starting the game, and afterwards you cant even find a lobby or u get kicked before you even joined for no reason
I had some choice words about this hot pile of garbage having played the Beta on PS4 a few months back, but you've probably heard it all already. but the damn thing doesn't even want to run. Constant crashes prevented me from even getting into a match. Sure glad I didn't pay for this embarrassment to FPS history.
it's so horrible I'm in tears from laughing how do you â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ up a game this badlyI literally can't even get into a multiplayer match without either crashing or getting disconnected
When you have to skip cutscenes just to play on multiplayer.... 10/10 Would unistall again.
Nice of Activision to give more players the opportunity to tell everyone how bad the game is. Downloaded it as a joke, game keeps crashing, multiplayer menus have black backgrounds which should be replaced by something completely different. I feel sorry for anyone who gave money to Activison and InfinityWard for this mess of a game. Just buy CoD 4 (Not remastered because that's horrible too.), CoD W@W, or even BO3 instead. Pass on this game
There's a massive amount of content in Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, though especially if you played Black Ops 3 last(x2) year there’s little of it that’s particularly impressive. The campaign is ignorable and the multiplayer needs a little technical work to be as good as last year’s, but the overly silly Zombies mode keeps me coming back. It may not stand out in a year that’s been crowded with great shooters, but it still produces that familiar Call of Duty action.
This is honestly one of the worst games i've ever played.
Complete dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ more people playing wallpaper simulator than this atrocity.
This is bad, it's the worst Call of Duty game I've ever played. The franchise went downhill.
I have played Titanfall 2 and all COD games till now released.COD try beat Titanfall series...but it failed...Really long waiting (shaders...)..stucking in lobby...unable to run game-kicked off sooner than joy battle...I have only this free wekend...so i didnt enjoy it fully,but i woudl not like to....it was enough that few hours :( I think this was really step aside from COD way....waiting for World War II
Multiplayer is trash dont buy it
crap
Call of duty infinite preloading shaders camping warfare
poor
Played the free trial - and I'm so glad I didn't spend money on this game. Been playing COD for many years, and I can't believe that so many of the old problems still occur. Bad hit detection, crazy spawn system and even old maps just plastered with futuristic furniture. Really!? Is this how far COD has come in the past couple of years?
bad game
Got this from the free weekend. I would never try this game without it being free. The game doesn't look bad, however on changing any options or trying to load a game it crashes after a few minutes, wasting time and also being terrible and not even loading the map. I would not recommend this game to anyone
DISCLAIMER:ive only played the free muiltplayer trail so im only talking about the multiplayer.Infinte warfares multiplayer is very bad, it feels very clunky and the first few times a i launched the game it crashed, after the 4th relaunch it finally worked.For a 2016 game that is not good. This port is bad, if u want a furturisitc Call of Duty buy Black Ops 3, there are more people online and it is quite fun.As i was playing the trail the aiming feels so clunky it feels weird and it distracts me and most of the time.The matchmaking sucks because they disconnected the xbox store and the steam servers so they are seperated which really hurts this game,it took me 3 to 5 minutes to find 1 match.
Pretty bad game, no FOV slider lol.
For the love of god no. Spent 30 Mins Trying to get into 1 game, crashes loading level. game is shti do not buy it. Im glad I tried it on the free weekend.
No
Without MWR this game is piece of garbage.
Activision call of duty - infinite warfare free weekend.Installed and can start it up but steam won't let me play because I don't own it.  Steam have done this to me before, so why.
♥♥♥♥♥game
Game does not run, constantly crashes and kept kicking me out.
Crappy Game. Downloaded it for the free weekend. Just a waste of time. Can't get into a lobby. Keeps shuting down the game for no reason.
Terrible PC port. The console version is the best version. That's coming from someone who got the digital delux day one pre-order on PC, and  2 months later again digital legacy edition on PS4. PC is missing game modes, and even if it had those game modes they would be dead because people only play TDM. Campaign though is supposedly great though. The zombies mode is knock off Treyarch, You might have fun with it or not.Overall a 4/10
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t doesn't even allow you to change graphics settings without crashing, couldn't even get into a match during the free weekend. If you want a game you can't actually play, go ahead and buy this!
its a good game to UNINSTALL
ABSOLUTE RUBBISH try it on free to play weekend and it wont even load into game without crashing and is on low settings.not how you get people to buy your game.
Downloaded it because it was free. Isn't working. Don't want to waste more words on this piece of crap.
its trash as ♥♥♥♥ dont buy it lol
tested it in free play weekend. Game have alot of bugs. Not Recommended even its on sale.
Meh.
Just stating this outright for anyone who was interested in trying this during the free weekend. The ONLY available mode is multiplayer. You cannot play zombies mode or campaign. I understand if you like multiplayer pvp, HOWEVER, I DO NOT UNDERSTAND NOR CONDONE THE UNAVAILABILITY OF ZOMBIES MODE!
i got this free for a weekend and i can say that this game is dead asf and a waste of 4 hours of downloading
halo 1
This game crashes every 10 minutes and forces me to reload it again, on both safe mode and normal it still crashes so it makes it near enough unplayable. I had this on a free trial on steam so i wouldnt recommend playing money for this game.
cancer
Terrible game. Don't waste your money or time.
absolutely disgusting
10 minutes to preload shaders. Requires restart before entering multiplayer.Crashes when restarting.10 minutes to preload shaders.COD/10
Not oke XD
Worse than I expected.It's just the same recycled BS from Black Ops 3, except BO3 was something I enjoyed.Multiplayer is basically you shoot someone first about 3-4 times, they still kill you, no matter what gun they have.
All they do is update playlists and get new skins, what they should be doing is finding a patch that stops the game from crashing every 5 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes, i wouldn't recommend until they fix the game.
Just say NO!
I'd be ashamed if I wasted money on this game
That moment when you want to play a free weekend of Infinite Warfare zombies with 2 friends.... game reminds you that zombies an dlc you need to buy, + 60 dollars for the game alone. Oh yeah that's why i didn't like Call Of Duty anymore....
PTW garbage. You can even upgrade the scorestreaks wtf
This game runs like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and crashes all the time.
Downloaded the game to try it out for this free to play weekend, since "free" is the only way I'll play a Call of Duty game at this point. After the massive game file finally downloaded, I was greeted by a 20 minute wait to "preload shaders". Alright, fine, there's set up in some games. It's annoying, but whatever. Only to be greeted by a crashed client after loading into the main menu, finally. ALT+F4, restart game, wait to load to menu, click on multiplayer, crash. Repeat, click on options so I can make the window full screen, instead of the default "windowed" setting (which is already points off for me), crash. Repeat steps to move FOV from 80 to 120, crash. I have yet to even play the game, but it has crashed 6 times for me already. I haven't seen unstability this bad since I played some quarter started indy game I received in a bundle. There is absolutely zero excuse an AAA company should have a game that can't even access the menu without crashing.As an aside, and something I find hilarious about this pile of garbage, the main menu features 4 options for you to choose from "Campaign, Multiplayer, Zombies, Store". There's not an option for adjusting settings on the main menu, but there's definitely an option to access the store for all your fantastic DLC needs. Perhaps there's a $20 DLC option for client stability, but I'd never find out since this game, and developer, are honestly amongst the worst in the industry.
Horrible, unplayable... I tried for 2 hours to get into a match but game kept crashing, even though it was a free weekend demo I feel like I was ripped off. I was super excited to play but  everytime a match finished loading the application went black and exited to windows. I am running win 10 and a 1080ti gpu, 4790k cpu. Dont waste your time like I did.  Be easy guys..
Too bad... Free weekend only is for multiplayer...
not fun
My little cousin made android apps that crashed less times than this game. I can't even play it. If I change something in settings, the game will freeze and stay like that forever, so you must force close it. When I start a match, after a few seconds it crashes. I tryed to fix it, no succes.
No matter what match I join I seem to get put with cheaters. -1/10 would not play again
gtfo with futuristic boring gameplay.
Worst game i've ever played, tbh. Don't buy this bs.
Infinite shader preload... Infinite Matchmaking... Infinite Garbage.
Game randomly crashes in the menu
I played it when it was free, whorst 0.3 hours of my life...can't even start a game ffs
Worst Call of Duty to date, if you hated something about Call of Duty this game does that thing great.
diz gam3 ultra shiete not buy or loss moneyy
I uninstalled after 11 minutes. Take that in as you will.
They took all the bad things from Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warfare and made a game out of it.
Cannot even join a game or change my settings without it crashing.
*game play time is 48 minutes-30 minutes spent on looking for a match and adjusting settings (i have a good pc btw)-community♥♥♥♥♥♥talk each other about whos pc is better-other players♥♥♥♥♥♥talk about which modern warfare is better-gets a legendary from my first supply drop, realises that it is♥♥♥♥♥♥br>-free weekend doesn't let you play campaign or zombies----gg 10/10 would not play again(this was my first cod game btw. I'm just going to stick to playing six siege.)p.s: excuse my grammar, i am sick so i can't think properly
I spent 82 minutes crashing while trying to play a multiplayer game.I tried every solution to update the game but every time I am in a lobby and the game is about to start it crashes again!
I froze when turning off vsyncI froze when changing  the frame capI froze trying to get into a gameInfinite Warfare is the worst PC port I've ever seen
no
1.downloaded 50gigs2.waited 20 minutes to find a tdm game3.uninstalled
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is the most realistic warfare simulator I've ever played. The second you install the game, it already considers you the enemy and will do everything in its power in order to take you down. It was a very brutal experience just pressing the play button and waiting for shaders to load correctly. It brought me back to that point in Call of Duty: Black Ops where Mason and gang are playing Russian roulette in the foxhole, because I thought I was going to end up doing that myself. I then decided to launch Multiplayer and felt like I was in a war once more. The game ran at unholy framerates and an options menu was nowhere to be found. I meet maximum requirements, however war never changes and neither do PC Ports. I would only recommend this game to grissled war vets who know how to hold their own with this game's brutal torture and warfare tactics. I'm going to have flashbacks to this like Uncle Henry still has Flashbacks to 'nam.
♥♥♥♥ing suck at♥♥♥♥
The real war starts when you try to get into the game. I lost said war; the updates were far too powerful.
....
I got this game for free and i still want my money back, the first thing i'm told when i load up the game is that i have to purchase the game that i just installed in order to play Campaign and Zombies. what the ♥♥♥♥.
Pros:Free multiplayer weekendCons:-Locked to 90 FPS -10Hz tickrate in 2017-Still using P2P networking-Full of cheaters -Pay to win variants  -Supply drops-Still running on an outdated decade+ old engine-List goes on...Overall: 1/10. Waste of SSD space!
The game itself is fun but it has been poorly optimised for PC. The game is plagued with frame drops and sudden crashes, absolutely awful experience! (I have an i7 4790k and a GTX 970, so no reason at all for this game to be stuttering the way it does)Do not buy.
while it is free it is sh*t. playlistUpdat more then 5 restartd of the game to go online again.
Unpleyable to me. 2 minutes into the game and it crashes, just like that, the same way every time. Maybe it's my specs, but these aren't that bad, so most likely it's just something in game.
no
NO! DON'T BOTHERFor those who want a more deeper in detail review, the following: I was always concerned about this new incarnation of a much-loved franchsie, so when the chance to play free popped up, I took it to see what the non-hype, the wailing and gnashing of teeth was all about.I downloaded the 50gig beast, and fired it up.Within 12 minutes my PC was again COD-IW free.I don't have the inclination to list all the reasons I un-installed it, nor the time for me to list all my regrets at wasting my time on this abomination.Suffice to say, if you make any decisions today, then let this be it.DO. NOT. WASTE. YOUR. TIME. ON. THIS.
0/10 IGN would not restart again
♥♥♥♥♥iest ♥♥♥♥ing COD game i have ever played
Neutral:- Decent performance- Maps don't take too long to load- Jetpacks are meh, BO3 does it alot better- Free Weekend but only  multiplayerNegatives- People only play TDM- Only people who play this game are veterans with 100s of hours who will dominate every lobby, because they opened good guns in loot crates and they know the map and spawn points.- Community is very toxic- 2nd TDM match I went into had a hacker
Free weekend is just multiplayer. Not enough players, combat movement is just bad, audio stutters, preloading shaders is a joke.Just bad, get it if it drops to 5 dollars. Anything more is not worth it
tried to play the so called "Play for Free" waited forever for it to download and configure. and all i got for my trouble was "You are not the owner of this game, please purcahse from the steam store." needless to say it was uninstalled...wont do that again...
cant even play any of the modes this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
Free weekend ? cant play always crash
♥♥♥♥♥GAME I HOPE THE CREATORS KILL THEIRSELVES- IT IS ♥♥♥♥ING BUGGY IT CRASHES AND IT OVERALL♥♥♥♥♥♥I HAVE DELETED THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME AND WHAT A WASTE OF TIME DOWNLOADING THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
trash
READ THIS FIRST: THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH YOUR TIME, SPEND TIME ON THIS REVIEW IN STEAD. IT IS MORE INTERESTING. I PROMISE!!!Okay, i'm going to be honest. I was a fan of the COD franchise, but after BO2 I just bought the franchise.. well.. because it was a franchise. And I wanted the new box in my collection. I stopped after BO3.. Saw no change, felt games getting worse. Campaign was not fun enough to play (altho it usually is only 8 hours, compare that to countless other games that have amused me for 100+ hours, without even the need for a multiplayer. But to be fair, that is what COD is all about. The multiplayer. Same problems as always, but somehow jump packs feel worse, sliding feels on a rails, no control at all. And wall running, well.. It does work, but its no good for fighting. Only getting from point a to b. Spawning, you would think that after, eeh, how many cod's are there? .. Well after all those games, they would have figured out how to fix spawning. Nope! Lots of games seem to know the way, but poor little COD has no clue. Really sad. You get killed and respawn only a meter away, to get killed again by some idiot with a heat vision sniper camper, or whatever they call it in this game. Usually I know my way around this, you choose a gun that is appropriate for the map you play. But all the maps feel similar. They dont even feel special anymore. They might as well just make 3 huge maps with 3 different themes. Then split them up into 4 parts. 1 for the game, 3 for dlc. But this is all when the game works. And it does not work that well. It is clearly a bad console port, an other cash grab.. Oh yeah you forgot about pc. How come that My pc can run the newest games at max settings at 60+ fps, but I don't know if I had lag or frame drops. It just did not feel smooth. I was consistently feeling like I was not in control of my character. Now The Campain felt okay, but it just did not feel right for the multiplayer. Such a shame, never going to buy a cod again, at least not on a pc. I guess I will have to go back to my ps4 to play some local games on bo3... RIP modern warfare..
yea this was definitley the most pay to win game i have ever played
Free Trial, soooo glad I didn't pay for it. Horrible
an utter♥♥♥♥♥♥fest comperd to its predisesors constantly fresing and  just boring to play♥♥♥♥♥♥campain just owfull multiplayor and YOU HAFTO PAY FOR ZOMBIES all and all just a masive step down  from the uther games and in my apineon that is what the creators / head of the company must do
I tried the free 2 day trial for multiplayer and the game would crash everytime. Never join a game. Looked up solutions. Only thing that seems to work is uninstalling and throwing away your pc. This game is trash.
sucks, flying like  superman bs
Terrible, even in the free open weekend to try the game out it only lets you play multiplayer but you cant even get on a server it just boots you off for no reason. (not my internet i have a decent internet) So overall from what i have seen it is a waste of money and space. also did i mention infinate preloading shaders is what it should be called
Probably the worst COD in the franchise. It nice to get to try it free. But it was super laggy and the general gameplay was trash. I played it for about an hour and a half before deleting it.
I literally can't play it because nobody plays it
The multiplayer felt really laggy and glitchy, not very enjoyable. Would try out the campaing and zombies but they only let you play the multiplayer in this free weekend. This game is more like Infinite Disappointment
bad bad bad. end.
please kill this game do not buy it on any platform other ps4 as they are no players.not enough people had terminal when i used to play it. zombie feels nice but was never a solo player so it a no go on pc. There is no lobby chat. I only like two guns and one secoundary in the entire game, the erad smg which is the first one and the first dlc ar which is free btw(challenge or season pass). i dont know if this game has splitscreen as everyone that comes over wants to do bo3. I Have had lots of people say that the campaing is really good but please dont buy this game unless its 75% off . multiplayeryou die quickthe good guns are borring (less recoil gun are the better ones)my favourite gun are usually the burst and they are all trash on iwsnipers are very bad which i do most in bo3there are only TDM matchszombiesonly solo as no one plays itgood feel and movement though
♥♥♥♥♥aint even working
Menu lags, micro stutters, capped to 90 frames, very very basic video options, overpowered and annoying "payloads", no recoil on guns, ♥♥♥♥ing advanced♥♥♥♥♥♥space movement, boring♥♥♥♥♥game
This gameplay is horrible. I have around 50-60fps when I'm playing multiplayer and yet I keep getting these horrible slowdowns from the players and my own. I can barely aim with all this motion movement. I'm not sure if this is how most games from call of duty are now since the last one I played was modern warfare 3. This feels worse than the ps3 and that one was stuck at 30 fps. Only played multiplayer since it's the free weekend but still that's the main reason to play COD. Not worth it, personally.
Scam says its a free weekend but you can not play the game only multiplayer lieing scamers who will get you to download a game to try that you cant play
100% trash game
Oh cool. A free weekend. Lets see why people are really disliking this game!Alright 40 min download, not too bad.Sets up settings for optimal gameplay, locked at 90-95 fps...... Cool....Takes 10 minutes to find a game, even well into free weekend- Nice COD is dying, expectedLoads first map- Doesnt take to long, dont know what other people are talking about with map load times.Some dumbass is talking while im in the lobby about one of my contracts or someâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ Zone him out ASAPSome guns are OP, people who pay to open crates like the dumbasses they are get better guns with better stats.Play 3 maps of multi, not impressed at all on the space maps, obviously trying to let kids walljump and glide as much as possible. Lets check out the singleplayer and zombies, maybe this may be a selling point.You must be an owner of this original content in order to play thisWutSo on the free weekend, I can only play MP. Not SP ( I get that, thats ok) but not even Zombies? Why the â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ not? Seems pretty pointless. Just another COD game that wasâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥out, dont expect much with it. Jump packs, wall running and power gliding is all you need to do in this game to win. There is also a slight aim assist with a mouse that you cant turn off. That bothered the hell out of me.Dont waste time with this game, as many others have said. Maybe if it was released without COD 4 and microtransactions, this game would have been amazing. But when you have more people playing the original COD 4 then the remaster, you know you â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed up.
-performance sucks-gameplay sucks-guns sucks-cutscenes sucks-name sucks-the whole game sucks-also Masta sucks
How de â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ this is on Steam
ok, so i have this game on console but i dont play on that too much. i dont know if it is my hardware, which is low to mid tier, or this garbage game, but for some reason it was automatically set to 24hz which was unplayable so try to change it and right when i hit apply, the game crashes. this happened everytime i changed something in settings. i finally get it to 60hz and it was running fairly smoothly, so i try and find a game, unsuccessfully, and after maybe being in a lobby with two other people who just, i assume, got this game because of the free weekend, like me, were levels 1-2. anyway, bottom line - i dont think its worth $60 or even $30 the price right now, or even the super cheap price onâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥of around $10. but whatever my opinion doesnt matter,â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥still sold to a bunch of people.
Got brain cancer for free in 5 minutes of multiplayer. anyway, lucky for me it took me only 2 hours to download 50gb so its fine
Absolute garbage DO NOT PLAY, its just a reskin of BO3 but somehow even worse.Pros- hey look u got a new game in ur librarycons- you wasted ur â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing money for aâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game           HEAPS OF REGRET
Absolute ZERO !
This game litterally gave me a headache after one TDM match, even though I played it on max settings with 90FPS@1440p with GSync. It just feels like a bad port from a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ console game. You probably already know WHY you DON'T want to buy this and read the reviews just for fun. I just want to say, besides the obvious reasons why CoD sucks since MW2, the art direction and design in this game is just so ugly and bad and unlogical and stupid, wow. I mean, CoD became total â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ after MW2, but now they manage to give me an instant headache, hahahaha
Mutliplayer has no ambient sounds. 0/10
Do you like dying alot and long waits for matches? Look no further! Multiplayer is dead.... didnt waste my time with anything else.
i had to wait 10 minutes to get past the main menu
Can't even find match in multiplayer50GB wasted
Crashed three times, and disconnected two times, thanks for the free weekend tho!
its just not great
THE GAME CRASHED SO HARD, THAT I COULDN'T EVEN CLOSE FROM â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING TASK MANAGER
crashes the full time not worth the free price tag hahaha
Titanfall 2 ripoffTitanfall2 is build around the great movement system, as in cod iw, it's just there, to make u rage until u quit the game.Why do i say this is a ripoff?Just look at it. It's horrible.Bad optimization.Gets boring .In titanfall2 i can run on high with 50-60 fps, in this game i can't run it on low with 30 fps.,,Upgrade your pc you ♥♥♥♥♥♥'.I'm not gonna do  titanfall there is a ,,battle'' AI and players which makes you feel great when you win.When you lose, u  have a chance to escape, which is hard if the enemy has Titans.  May the Gloobin Boopin be with youEDIT: This is for the Multiplayer, the Campaign was the best we got in a while now.
Worst game ever in the call of duty series
I don't know why but it crashes after 3 minutes when I try to play multiplayer. I don't have such troubles with other games including Battlefield. My PC - i7 + GTX 1060. I tried 10 times then deleted the game. But menu soundtrack  is cool!)))
Pros: *solid gameplay*when comfronting an enemy nothing seems to be that repeatable besides the old shoot to kill*map designs play smoothly although some maps have chokes which im pretty sure all have a choke in the map purposly(all in the form of court yards)*most extra addons that were never used on older cod like the recently infamous thrusters actually come to use sometimes*the specials for the class i used had a pretty much AA-12 if you ever played MW2. it's pretty much an automatic shotgun.cons:*all weapons are highly unbalanced especially shotguns. besides SMGs they seem to be the only balanced weapon catagory.*SMGs are only mid to long range never close range which is really ironic act more as assualt rifles.*p2p servers are horrid so you better have internet really high speed internet above 60 megabit*some animations are glitched but not game breaking*somtimes the skip replay gets stuck when revived again not game breaking*if it's a shotgun you're done*that meat tenderizer gun seems to be the most universal none like thatThis only speaks for multiplayer.
Painfully mediocre
BOUT AS GOOD AS WANKIN WITH SANDPAPER. V V V VV V VV V V V SH*T
New laptop with i7 7700hq, 16gb ram and gtx 1050ti and I have constant freezes even on lowest possible settings..Gpu usage drops to 20-30% and have 15fps..On pc with i5 6500, 8gb ram and gtx 9604gb same thing.. wtf?
If you enjoy pressing the uninstall button this is the game for you!
I think so community in this game is dead, so buy something else :)
Well i didn't like the game at all it's so bad i really miss the old COD.Sorry IW can't recommend this. anyways never buy it. save your money and hopefully Cod:WWII Will be better like the good old days.
-
Worst game Don't Buy 0.1 / 10.0
Worst idea ever.+ Worst game creators ever.=WORST GAME EVER
Took 2 hours to download for the free 2 day trial run. Deleted less than 30mins later as 3 times in a row the game crashed when trying to set up a basic private multiplayer match with just me and 6 bots to try the game out (as you can't play the campaign without paying). Just as the map loaded, the game froze and crashed. Don't even bother!
This game keep say connecting to matchmaking service
absolutely the worst call of duty game i have ever played. it disgusts me how anyone could think this game was actually worth the money. i have never wished i could have 5 minutes of my time back more than i have now. this game is a complete piece of garbage and should never be bought.
This is the worst game I've ever played
Well, i was about to read your review, and i think you're all correct. This game is broken. I was about to play that game, but it ended up from freezing FPS, getting crashed. If you are reading this, you're all correct, this game is broken. So i got this for the free weekend, and i had no choice but buy that game after YouTube renevues payments to my PayPal account so i can buy Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare legacy edition Steam CD Key from cheap games site. To everybody, if you're all reading this. I suggest you not to waste 60 or 80 Dollars/Euros on this. If you want to waste for 60 or 80 Dollars/Euros, then go ahead and do it, because nobody cares.Here's an video what i've just mean it:
Worst game ever. Next time better.
Well I decided to give it a chance as there was a free trial, seemed like it would be ok considering it's free. Now I was hoping to play it a couple times to understand why people like or dislike the game, but unfortunately, the game is so freaking  bad that the game would literally stop working and crash right before the map loaded in. I consider this unplayable, glad I didn't waste my money.
Infinite disconnected
not worth the money, even though it was free.
It freezes and crashes every two minutes. Worst than Assassin's Creed Unity. I've spent over half an hour on this game yet I have't played it at all cause it keeps crashing
It looks like bad try of making Titanfall.+Graphics -Gameplay
Oh boy , did you pick the wrong game to play ?what's gonna happen is , we're gonna take this game of yours , strip it for refounds , and see if you can buy something better with the money and the space on your pc .0.1/10 cross doesn't aprove
i have been a fan of cod since black ops2 and this game is broken AF the loading times are broken the game crashes every 10 mins
Fun if the game was cheaper, but not worth anything more than an indie title. glitchy gun play, stupid maps, and very few players. skip this one for sure
Amazing game only crashed 5 times in the main menu and uninstalled without even playing a single game. 10/10
absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just play bf1 for gods sake this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cod is just copy and pasting the same♥♥♥♥♥♥lets hope the ww2 one is good but iam not holding my breath i remember when cod used to be good
no no no and no
What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can now see why this game had a free weekend.
this i some bull♥♥♥♥♥♥i took 30 min just to get in the game and it just crash all the time, I dont have a bad pc I got a gtx 1060 and som midrage specs so do not download this.
Where is everyone ? this game is a ghost  now !!
Waited About 10 Min to get in a lobby after a few crashes and restarts. Then when i finally got a lobby, the game just loads and loads until it Finally crashes again.
It's facinating that people forseen how much of a garbage that game is just by watching trailers.
Call of duty: Infinite loading  shaders screen
This is a quick review of the free weekend offering; so it's not representative of the entire product.FYI: there is no single player campaign availible in the free weekend offer.I attempted twice to join a multiplayer game and after waiting around 2-3 minutes each time for matchmaking to complete, I gave up and uninstalled the game.I wanted to give this go, but there's nothing here to play.
I got a 5k computer. still crashes alot and i cant even have ultra without constant lag. If i start the game its always on ultra and insta crashes
Downloaded 60GB to play campaign.Found out there's no campaign in free weekends.10/10
Crashes when switching to fullscreenAlso it makes me want to die seeing where the cod series went.
Not well optimize... bye
Opened the game and already encountered a problem, the game won't use my NVIDIA graphics card for some reason.. after a few hours failing to fix the problem i just optimized the graphics for my integrated graphics to handle and when I joined a game the it's so laggy movements aren't fluid. Don't buy this game and don't even attempt to download if it's for free it's a waste of storage space. If you want to play this game PLAY ON A CONSOLE
changes any settings, Game Crashes. 11/10 ign worst game ported to pc
How often do i got killed around the corner? How often do i have killed someone around the corner? To often! And the list goes on. Assualt Rifle that often needs 5-6 Hits to kill. Overpowered Shotgun. Annoying boostsystem that lets you get out of a gunfight within miliseconds. And so on. This game is truely♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy it if you want total money waste.
♥♥♥♥
One of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest and least functioning games i have ever seen...Loading and waiting in the lobby takes longer than the matchesCutscenes lag... alotAnd game frequently crashes.And don't blame my computer, Battlefield 1 works on high while this game crashes on low...NEVER BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥
This is the WORST Call of Duty EVER!!!!
Hands down the worst COD game I have played in my life and ive been with the series for a long time. Its just as bad as Advanced warfare and that game made Ghosts look good in comparison. The only "Exo suit cod" to get it right was BO3 but that's because vondy came in and saved it and made it the best cod in recent memory. Seriously dont touch this trash, go buy Black ops 3 or play csgo just anything not this trash. P.S - Also forgot to mention worst PC port I have ever personally played in my life
I played this on the free weekend.I still feel robbed.
GOOD DAY FLESHY MAMMALS
This is the ♥♥♥♥ing worst game i've ever not gotten to play, I figured free weekend why not i have an nvidia 1080 gotta use it for something, but nope, game freezes after any change you make to settings basically rendering it unplayable, and on top of that game crashes while loading match, literal garbage. i hope nobody ever wastes their money on this
paid free to play
i can't get in any game, it's so dead.
Its just a bit♥♥♥♥♥
If you have wall hacks, and an aim bot you will LOVE this game.  Every game i was in had atleast one aim bot if i was lucky.  Long story short, there is no anti-cheat and if there is it clearly isnt on.  The P2W model of the weapons is also a bit harsh for anyone that dosnt sink in alot of time for RNG crates to hopefully get an OP weapon or you can just sink alot of money into the crates.  After playing a few rounds and being insta killed by aim bots im done with ANY CoD game on Pc.  The lack of players and the obvious lack of care is more than enough to make any one with a brain stear clear of this game, and any game by Avtivision when it comes to FPS games. I just hope Cod WWII can salvage this diying franchise before it gets put in the grave for good.Save your money if you were looking to buy it on sale, and for those of you wanting to play for free look for another game.  This game is a waste of you time even if its free.
I decided to try it on free weekend but it won't even launch 10/10
trash
Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, please don't buy it!
Probably the worst FPS of 2016.
I was planning to buy this after the free weekend, but after starting the game i realised it is not worth the money.Custom games map load time is more than 3 mins and the most annoying this is that i never got to play the multiplayer with real people. It gets stuck on the  searching for game / "infinite warfare connecting to matchmaking service". I waited for atleast 30 mins still no join, restart, tried the fix which i found on internet still.. stuck.My internet is the best in my country and other games run normally...even my bo3 run properly.Dont buy this game! unless you think you will be able to connect to servers.
Trash ♥♥♥♥ing game. DO NOT BUY! I cannot even get into a game without it crashing.
Just.terrible.Always been a big fan of Call of Duty and i have to say that when you see the infinity ward logo on the box, this never bodes well.This is clearly running a modified version of the Ghosts engine. It runs poorly, crashes for no reason and just feel unoptimized, overall.The gunplay does not feel satisfying. The wall running / double jumping feels added in and their is just no spice in the map design.The hitboxes are off and it is sometimes difficult to get what is a clear shot on the other players. I'm not sure if this is due to the net code or actual engine design.This basically feels like Ghosts 2. beware.
Free Weekend: I really don't see why people love this game. I think it's garbage. I've played a few MW series before it went to♥♥♥♥♥♥and this is the worst of the bad of the series. Yet again, there still cheater in this game after a year. They clearly don't give a **** about you and neither should you. Give it try if you can afford unlimited internet cause this big pile of **** is 50 gig  and download it during the free weekend. But if you want to pay that 80$...Shame on YOU! Rest in peace MW and come back again with a♥♥♥♥♥♥Vietnam reboot. mf.
bad
didnt even get to play because there is no ♥♥♥♥ing 1080p rezulution and also a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
Played it during the Free Weekend towards the end of July and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it is awful. Worst of all it was only the multiplayer which was A 50.7GB DOWNLOAD alone. They didnt even let you play at least the first mission of the campaign. Clunky pile of un-optimised♥♥♥♥♥♥ Was getting frame drops and stuttering on an Intel Core i5 7600K OCed @ 4.5GHz and a GTX 1070. The graphics arent even great anyway despite running it at 1440p Ultra. I wouldnt even pay $20NZD for this let alone $110NZD. Awful, do not buy.
Just got the game and it take 40 mins to get a match and then 2 second for there to be a server error. If you got this game for free ask for a refund.
Multiplayer crashes all the time. Just lost ca. 30 mins of restarting the game for nothing.
Second most broken game I have seen on PC & Dishonored 2 was actually semi-fixedThe menu itself just froze over and over, kept having to force close
did I really just download this♥♥♥♥♥♥for nothing what the ♥♥♥♥ is the ♥♥♥♥ing point for giving users this game for free to play a while IF I CANT PLAY THE ♥♥♥♥ING CAMPAIGN I do not personally like cods'  multiplayers because I suck at it but I love the campaign and you don't let me play it? NEVER GIVE ME ANYTHING FREE AGAIN ♥♥♥♥ OFF YOU ALL ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME
well what the hell im playing this on a free weekend but i cant start the campaign because i have to buy the game for that. complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
What a joke, i'm "playing" this on free weekend, so you would think there could be nothing to complain about.You'd think that, but after starting the game, it just stopped working.After rebooting, i start a online game, but after matchmaking, it just stopped working, back to windows it is.Boot again, matchmaking, stopped working.Boot again, matchmaking, what do you know, IT STOPPED WORKING!This was free weekend so it didn't cost me money, but even then, i would want my bandwidth and time back!Please don't download this game, not even for free.You will get nothing, it's not worth your time or patience to download.DON'T DO IT!
Cannot play single player. No graphics settings unless you start playing. No support for 3 screens. Insane loading time. Total waste of my time.
Wasted my time and internet bandwidth to download this for free weekened. Only one mode works and does not even work properly. Save your time and efforts and play something that's actually worth it.
This is complete trash
Thanks COD. Downloaded 50GB to realise I can't even play any match. ♥♥♥♥ you.
If you suffer from poor internet connection don't even bother playing. You will experience packet loss and with it constant FPS skipping which is a big "no" in a twitch shooter like CoD.The game itself is rather well done. Definitely a step-up from the usual "CoD is the same every year". Even so, multiplayer lacks any apparent depth, consisting only of several 6v6 modes. Furthermore, most guns feel and play the same, snipers are a one-shot kill to the chest and class-specific abilities are very unbalanced. On top of all that there are no active players on Steam. You'll keep bumping into same crowd of people because the pool of players is so low it's impossible to find anyone else.The only thing worth mentioning is the fantastic Zombies mode, which while goofy on the outside has a pretty good replay value and fun factor. Singleplayer mode is relatively solid and you might enjoy it, but the characters lack all and any depth and you'll appreciate it only if you're looking for a fun shoot-em-up.6/10. If you can grab it on a ridiculously low sale (under €15) you'll get your money's worth back. Otherwise, you'll be left with a sour taste in your mouth and visible lack of money in your wallet.
Got to play the game during a free weekend. Wanted to see what all the fuss was about with this game, I didn't expect it to be good. I got what I expected, and the game constantly crashed. Game crashes, "we noticed the game didn't quit correctly, wanna launch in safe mode?". Yes launch in safe mode, game crashes again. Do this about 20 times and never get to play the game.0/1,000
>Radeon GPU<Pros:+music is tolerableCons:-loading shaders screen takes 10 min-game crashes every time i try and change one setting (had to restart twice to change 2 things)-game crashes when trying to load a map-finding players takes a while and it only seems like free weekenders are playing (Got into the same lobby after crashing)-As unplayable as black ops 3 was -feel scammed even without buying the game
It's basically a horrible version of titanfall, if you make the animations awful, ♥♥♥♥ up the guns a bit, and remove the titans. There was a dude sitting behind doorways just waiting for me, no gun battles just hits u once with an axe and you die. The powerup things take too long to power up and then who cares cuz dudes just sitting behind a door with an axe all day, probably wall hacking, waiting for you to come. 0/10 worst free weekend. Should of let us play the campaign.
Actually the worst ♥♥♥♥ing game I have played. Honest opinion, -10/10. Doesn't deserve to be a game.
I only wanted to play zombie mode. You cant play zombie mode you need to buy dis game ....
It crashed 3 times within 15 minutes because of no memory left, yet when I check my task manager my PC uses only 11 out of 16 GB (7 of which CoD uses).Even if it were a great game, I couldn't recommend it.
Buy DOOM instead
♥♥♥♥
This is just awful, so many guns dont even require aiming you just get the enemy somewhere near the middlle-ish of your screen and fire away. They just need to stop and take a long break they have all been basically the same thing with just different skins
Don't even bother with the free weekend it won't even respond for me.
It's call of duty, what do you expect
get 10 kills within 15sec or die 10 times in 15 sec. Gets old fast
I've had more fun playing f2p games. The UI is ♥♥♥♥ing aweful, gunplay feels like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking is cancer, and above all, in my first 3 games I was put against a cheater. There was no difference from the last few games in the series, exept for the movement, which is nothing more than a cheap gimmick. Seriously, some f2p cod rip off called Soldier Front 2 has all the good things and only a fraction of the bad things... and it's free!
Crappy... Free on the week'end..What a load of crap..The single player doesn`t work....The zombie mod doesn`t work......And the multi players mod... keeps on crashing  like hell....I mean, ffs why do you give it out free for a week'end if it doesn`t work... plus the size of the download (60GB).... come one...it a while to wait for a zise like thatTo much of a dissapointment.Don`t Download!!!!!!
slow clunky mess. Avoid
drooooooooooooooooooooooops
Horrible!!!
The controls are chuggy, feels slow, graphics engine is faded water colors. No fun done
Just... No...Infinity Ward shot themselves in the head with this one.
DONT WASTED A ♥♥♥♥ING DIME ON THIS PIECE OF ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ ITS ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING AWFUL. JUST AVE UR SELF SOME TIME AND DONT TOUCH THIS TRAINWRECK. THESE MONEY HUNGRY BASTATDS DONT GIVE A ♥♥♥♥ AND JUST WANT UR MONEY. ♥♥♥♥ U U PIECES OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ THE ONLY POSITIVE THING IS THAT I PLAYED THIS ♥♥♥♥SHIT WITH A TRIAL.
Poor optimize game crash so many time.
This game has new advanced graphics, new and bigger maps wich means, you'll need a decent GPU and a CPU to run the game but WAIT! Even if your PC can run the game pretty well, it has to have an FPS cap at 90. Having a 144hz monitor was a complete waste. The game feels choppy and its just frustrating that they put an FPS cap and there's nothing you can do about it. Rest is fine I guess
This game is actually so ♥♥♥♥ing bad. It literally gave me AIDS/Cancer/4th degree burns/influenza/polio/AIDS+CANCER. What did I expect from a COD game?
In 20 minutes it crashed 6 times and freezed 4 times on a 1000$ PC. In Safe Mode.The only cutscene I managed to see had year 2007 graphics with animations worse than in ME: Andromeda on start.I couldn't even start a private match because the game kept crashing before it could load the map. When I've entered 'Public Game' I couldn't matchmake because I had all buttons except 'Customize Loadout' locked for some reason. The only thing that in my opinion could at least start was campaign which is blocked in trial version.This game weighs 66 Gib, more than Battlefield 4 and Titanfall 2, its base version is more expensive than 'Premium' BF4 or 'Deluxe' TF2 and you still need to buy supply drops.Do you really want to play Call of Duty now?
trash
terrible
Do not buy this game. It is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It crashed 4 times before allowing me to queue for multiplayer, then crashed twice while queuing. And I took it, like a ♥♥♥♥♥. BUT THE THIRD TIME WAS TOO MUCH FOR MY FEEBLE WILL TO TAKE AND I ALT+F4'D THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ OUT CONSIDERABLY FASTER THAN THE TIME IT TOOK TO DOWNLOAD THIS 63GB PIECE OF HOT GARBAGE.
got on, sat in constant lobbies for the entire time! 10/10 would sit in lobbies
So they have a free weekend and I'm like, "Ooh, I kinda miss CoD, maybe I'll give it a shot, at least play campaign." BOI was I mistaken. I wait all day for the 60+GB download, and finally launch the game. An epic score sweeps in through the dark and I patiently wait for the black screen to fade in to some absurdly unrealistic, but entertaining intro vid. And wait.  I decide to click, and the score changes to what could only be the loading screen music. I begin to laugh. Because of course, I still have a  on launch, a solid year after release. I wait another hour verifying the cache, restart, and install new video drivers. Still blacker than a native Ethiopian. So then I defaulted to that other overplayed game. I LoL'd, tilted, and lost a bunch of games. Then, I go to post this review, and Steam says I must log 5 minutes to post. IF I COULD PLAY MAYBE. So I logged back in just to review. Thanks Call of Duty.
Hackers(literally) in multiplayer. But the campaign is dope. Get this while it is on sale, not worth the $60
Horrible. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. The worst game I've played this year.Load the game for an hour. Game boots. Wait 5 minutes for shaders to load (what the fock #1). Game finishes shaders. Enter main menus. "Game needs to update and restart" (what the fock #2). Finally get to the game modes menu. No campaign, which is literally the only reason I downloaded (what the fock #3).Try zombies. No zombies (what the fock #4). Go to multiplayer (focking kill me now). They FORCE you to go through and configure a soldier. You can't just jump into a match and play, you have to navigate their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ menus first (what the fock #5). FINALLY get into a multiplayer deathmatch. Get instant spawnkilled 4x in a row (what the fock #6). Guy is hacking and gets 20 kills in a matter of a minute (what the fock #7)My most sincere, fock you Infinity Ward. You're a bunch of idiots.This game is completely worthless and you should feel bad for making it.
i downloaded it for the free weekend. and its telling me that you are not the owner of this game. but i am starting it through steam. why sell it for free for few days when we cant run it.
Wow, how bad is this game?!?! I will let other people make the more detailed comment. I just wanted to add one more down vote for this game so that you don't waste your money.
So I figured I'd try this out for the free weekend since I had a multiplayer shooter itch and I was tired of Overwatch and TF2, so I booted it up. It was promising initially but then I crashed. I was like hmm okay, well...this is annoying but I tried again, lo and behold, another crash. Then a third following after. Now, I've played a lot of buggy games in my time, from the infamous Arcanum/Fallout 1 and 2 games, to something more modern like Alpha Protocol (All of which are phenomonal games despite the bugs mind you) - but this? It wasn't even in the game play I was just getting crashes for when I was waiting for a game to pop. I'll test the campaign and zombie mode, but on this alone, I'd genuinelly suggest another title in the CoD franchise. Half a game is not worth your time.
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t Game.
I do not have anything good to say about the game. Today was the start of the free game weekend for Infinite Warfare. I downloaded the game and tried to play the campaign. Since I did not own this game and was just trying it out, I was not allowed to play the campaign. Right after this occurrence, I tried to play multiplayer only for my game to hang. I didnt want to continue wasting my time so that was as far as my Infinite Warfare experience went. Oh, I also waited for 5 minutes for shaders to load before being able to interract with the main menu. GG
Complete waste of time. Downloaded for 2 hours, hope on was excited because i wanted to test this out even thought maybe all the reviews are just old and outdated maybe its changed since. NOPE! Got into multiplayer lobby waiting to connect ...... Crash. Ok lets try again hmmmm lets try in safe mode. Loading into lobby........ crash. Ok no safe mod lets just go for it! Loading into lobby the game notifies me that my NAT type is set to strict but it wasnt 2 goes before. Hmmmm what to do oh wait....... CRASH. Did this probably 5 more times and it was switching my NAT to all kinds of mess. Activision come on now you made the best call of duty ever what has transpired since then! What is this steaming pile of ****!
0/10 trash
its just titanfall 1, but way, way way way way way way worse,buy titanfall 2 instead
this game fu.... suckâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥br>
Tbh, this "Call of Doody" is too futuristic for me, well others might enjoy boot jumping wall running and kung fu-ing people in the face though. If that included you and you like space kung fu-ing, gunning and waiting more than 5min to get into a match, then get this. Otherwise, stay away.Kinda miss the feeling of suspense, desperation and fear of being nearly overwhelm by a #$%^ ton of Jerries of all kinds though... WWII.This review was written during Free Weekend so it's might not hold as much weights as a true owner's review though. So please read with discretion.
click on main menu-crashchange resolution-crashchange HZ-crashclick mp-crashfind a match-crashfinally get in a match runs pretty well, fires gun-crash
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare... I... I just don't know... This game seemed like a good idea to the franchise, futuristic weapons, cool space maps, cool characters to play. But alas, the mostly negative reviews were indeed right. The running, sliding and jumping mechanics are actually not that bad. It's like Black Ops III, but a little bit more difficult to use the jumpsuit which I thought was fine. The weapons are pretty nice, offering a lot of customization reticle, and camo wise. But this is where the problems come in. The guns and other weapons are WAY too powerful causing you to die WAY too fast. You barely have any time to try and recover before being brutally murdered. The free weekends Steam offer, always have people cheating, using Aimbot and such, causing an annoyingly large disadvantage to those who play without hacks. (One person in particular is named BarrySauce, don't ever play with this individual on that game). I don't know about the campaign because I haven't played it, but a friend of mine (Dovahkiin) says it's pretty darn good. And zombies looks like a blast but I also haven't had the opportunity of being able to play it because of the free weekend limitations. In all honesty, I would recommend you to save up the money and buy a newer Call of Duty game or whatever else you may want.Sincerely, Papa Thin
This is the most abolutely cancerous game I have ever played, issues ranging from mouse locking up completely when frames are lost to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t networking. Dont buy this pile of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
man this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥
got bored in 36mins how bout dat
Wow 3 days for a game that doesnt work. I wont even bother playing it. They can shove it.
Hey guys, do you want to play an fps game where if you're new you will get shot in the back? if it's a yes that this game is for you. this game provides nothing but rage and wanting to break your keyboard. When you first start you think "hey since I see lots of YouTubers play multiplayer it must be easy" So when you get into the game you like "♥♥♥♥ yeah, I'm so good that I should be in sports" but in reality your getting killed everytime you think you like the♥♥♥♥♥♥in the match. Don't buy this game unless you're immune to being mad and wanting to break your keyboard
game sucks
I was happy to be able to have a free weekend on the game (7-27-2017) waited hours for the game to download to finally get SLAP IN THE FACE by this game. I waited in lobby for atleast 5 min to have my game crash 4 times in 15 minutes. Also, simply changing the resolution on the screen made the game froze and crash. While writing this review I was still not able to join a single game. I do NOT reccomend this game AT ALL, you can easily spend your money on a better game.
This game is abolute crap.This is basicly another blackops 3 and advance warfare, except with over powered guns.The movement is slow even when I chose the character... oh wait "RIGS" that was ment for speed.Infinity ward needs to get their crap together because im scared for Call Of Duty WWII.
this is the downfall of a good franchise
not even worth downloading even if its free to play
Make up your mind carefully if you wanna buy this one :O
Don't buy it, horribly optomized and just so trash, I refunded it and still felt robbed.
Titanfall 2 done WAY worse with the polish of dirty bomb when it was in alpha, constant crashes, lagging every second i'm in the game and overall disgusting performance, much slower version of titanfall, ramping up and killing the speed in seconds breaking the flow after every kill, go get titanfall, it's a hell of a lot better
When i ADS in call of duty infinite warfare i can't move forward a few seconds... Any one know a fix for this ?
Multiplayer is garbage. Campaign was alright, but let's face it - we don't buy COD games for the single player.
Outside of the graphics this game is utter garbage.Don't buy, if anything wait for a free weekend and be disappointed.
To be quite honest, this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I picked it up during a free weekend, played one multiplayer TDM match (cant do zombies or the campaign during the free weekend), and uninstalled it after the match was over. There were 2 hackers in that one game, and I doubt it'd get any better (Guy killed you before you were even around the corner, and had some pretty blatant aimbot. Not only that, he was 60 and 2). Between the cancerous community, supply drops, pay2win, and hackers... The game is just all around trash.
By far the worst COD I have ever played!
quite♥♥♥♥♥
I really want to try this game out, But I can't play it online and can't play the normal Campaign mode...Maybe the Free weekend hasn't start yet? Please What is going on!
Feels like a free to play game.
Just Trash
I just wanted to play the story, after downloading all that BS 50~ Gb, you tell me a purchase is required... no thanks for the "free 2 days" to try out your game in a very limited way, that tells me everything I need to know.
Broke♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game
Garbage game. i will just pretend it never existed as to not tarnish my views on the COD franchise
Its bad just bad
More COD Trash no anticheat why even try on PC
The No.1 "Wait a few thousand years to find a match only to crash/get motion sickness/lose connection" simulator.
WAIT AN HOUR TO DOWNLOAD AND CANT EVEN PLAY IT!!!! KEEPS CRASHING. glad I didnt buy this game feel bad for those who did. ( press F to pay respect )
it's♥♥♥♥♥♥it did not open
I decided to play the game on the free weekend to see how I liked it, and I can't even get in the match because the game crashes so frequently.
Really dissapointed.I was looking forward to playing this game but all i get is a never ending loading screen while waiting for a match to start and a crap tonne of crash pop ups :(
Optimization is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ My FPS is still higher than the amount of people that play this game though.
Worst game optimizations ive seen ever on PC
Well, this game doesn't run, I'm on the latest update for Radeon and yet it still crashes after I start it up
Not even worth MWR, like at all and the 21:9 support is♥♥♥♥
Garbage: I have never been a fan of the CoD series. Decided to try it again since it was play for free weekend, with intent of getting to see how the SPC plays. Apparently, only mode available to play is multiplayer. BUMP. uninstalling.
Total garbage game. The only arguably good aspect of which is the Zombies which they have to lock behind the full game to play at all. That doesn't even touch on the innumerable performance aspects, save yourself the money and headache and never buy an IW game. Shame that they had made some of the best CoD games ever (like Modern Warfare 1 & 2) that still have more players than this hot garbage. 3/10.
sounds doesn't work, only this game. useless
Would be nice if i could even see what the games like. crashes every 5min or so before you can even load into a match.
What the ♥♥♥♥? I downloaded to TRY the gamemode I wanted (Zombies) to see if this was worth. Instead I got ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer.Tbh the game feels like a cluster♥♥♥♥ full of randomness and "intense" weapon fights. Feels both unrealistic and unfunny.Just buy BO3 if you want a CoD, that atleast, feels better.5 HOURS OF MY LIFE WASTED DOWNLOADING THE WHOLE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME JUST TO GET THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MP.
i reccomend this game for people who have no arms and legs so they watch the dissapointment that the game has come to and make them suffer in pain by watching the ♥♥♥♥ing flying ♥♥♥♥ers in the air wth there ♥♥♥♥ing jetpacks like this is some GTA san adreas ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
Dreck.
its poopy garbage
THIS GAME HAVE THE MOST CANCER EVER!!!!THIS GAME FREEZE EVERYTIME WHEN I WANT TO CHANGE ANY SETTINGS IN THE MENUTHIS GAME HAVE ONE OF THE WORST PERFOMANCE EVER ... I HAVE A Intel i7 with more than 3.4 core and a geforce gtx 1070 .... I RUN BO2 WITH OVER 500 FPS AND BO3 WITH MORE THAN 140 FPS  .... THIS GAME IS A JOKE IF SOMEONE TELLS ME HOW TO FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥FREEZES, I WILL CHANGE MY OPINION BUT THIS IS MORE CANCER THAN SOMETHING ELSE .... perfomance is worse as advance warfare ... which i deinstaled ...
I played this♥♥♥♥♥♥for 76 minutes and completated sucided for 75 minutes, then committed sucided the last minute.
i like how you can see there health bar......thats it
Downloaded on free to play weekend didnt get in a match game after 10 mins it trash dont waste your money! Call Of Duty has go down hill since Call of Duty world At War,
i played this game for 40 min but in that time i wanted to die. this review doesnt apply to the campaign who know for the 10 people who actually did play the campaign was it good. but with that being said my expirence was bad the multiplayer was bland and by that every one when i mean every one EVERYONE were using nv4s. my pc isnt the best but sometime i would have random frame drops.
f**king bs keeps crashing and clearly they didnt give a f**k ab pc
CRASHINGGGG
game dose not work like it wont run at all on a 4.4ghz 6800k a 6 core 12 thread  intel chip with a gtx 1080ti oc. it has to have the game closed from control panle by ending the processes. if it dose not crash and you try and play the multiplayer it takes about 3 mins to load a map of an ssd the instantly crashes. so yer this is not a game this is a huge mess of code put in to a game engine from last millennium (1997) Quake II engine. that has cgi trailers to make you give them money and thats about it.
What kind of free weekend is this?!You can't even play campaign, only multiplayer!Remember to read the note! I wasted 0.6hrs of my life
not lit
There is a glitch in this game that they will apparently never fix.In my opinion this makes it worthless. everyone that bought it for PC I'm sure has run across it.
Do not buy this! The game crashes for every setting I change. Gotta change resolution? Task Manager. Gotta change Motion Blur? Task Manager. After 20 minutes of loading and watching a stupid cutscene I finally got into a lobby. Unfortunately after finding a lobby full of players I had to wait even longer. After sitting in the lobby for a while the match finally started only for my game to crash the second it started. I still haven't played this game. I really hope this brand and all the companies associated with it finally die out.
Why is every good map a DLC?
worst game ever
Terrible game
All the negative reviews are correct, this game is garbage xD
the most unoptimitized game i have ever tried to play.
WOW GAME FREEZES ITSELF IN THE MENU. I HAVE A GTX 970 AND A 4790K WITH 16 GIGS OF RAM AND IT MANAGES TO DO SO. ♥♥♥♥ING NICE PORT M8
At first the game was good at starting out but then I recieved some kind of error that I have found out that many others has encountered and now I cannot even play it. Waste of the 30 dollars I paid as it was on sale when I got it. It would be nice if the developer could fix the bugs they have with it ezpecially since this is the only game in my library that does not play or I have a problem with. I think I got up to level 7 before I couldn't place anymore.
lul just dont 0.001/10
I just don't know what to say. I gave it the benifit of a doubt but it is just a mediocre game. The time to kill is insanely fast, and it is very difficult for new players to get ajusted. I see why so many people dislike it. It's just not fun. I didn't enjoy playing this game at all. why would so many people buy this? The worst part of it is that so many eight year olds play this game. They just sit in chat or on the mic talking random♥♥♥♥♥♥ boasting about their♥♥♥♥♥♥K/D. The game is bad and so is the community. The franchise should just quit. All good stories end. What ruins a good story, is trying to have it go on for ever. Just let Cod go. It was fun while it lasted. Don't kill the name of Call of Duty.
Tried it out in the free weekend after 3 min it crashed. everytime after 3 min , not 2, not 4, no 3 min no idea how to fix this pls help
Theres no denying that modern warfare and its appeasement to console's was the final nail in the FPS coffin halo had started building some 7 years beforehand,  However being bored one friday night and with a spare tenna (i actually got it for less than that) I was in the mood for something flashy and dumb,  IW had peaked my interest with its sci-fi visuals and design  and i'd heard some semi decent things about its SP so I thought why not.By the end of its campaign I was actually pleasantly surprised but looking back there was certainly room for improvement,  its biggest flaw was the reason for its existence, the COD formula has long been a dead horse activision have been beating for years (and more recently swinging by the ankles in the general direction of consumers) and the military oo rar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ along wih everyones aparant wish to sacrifice themselves for "the mission" in the end got old, Thankfully "Ethan" added a layer of much needed (almost rebelious) personality to what is a game that you can see has been desgined by people in suits sitting around a table looking at spreadsheets as to what will sell them the most copies, i could rattle on going so far as to compare this to other FPS such as the new DOOM (which is a lovingly created return to FPS form with a few twists) IW is a decent 70'er if you're bored one evening but I wouldnt pay more then a tenna for it.
this game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because1:Every action you take lag
This game is freezing everytime I try to change the video settings and it crashes right before loading a multiplayer levelDefinitely not worth it! :(
The whole point of Free Weekend is to temporarily offer a FULL GAME for free for a while. Why did u only include multiplayer content and not the actually good mode: ZOMBIES
Excited to try the game during free weekend. Got quite an okay PC with GTX 1080 Ti. Just being in the main menu it feels seriously unstable. Game crashes when trying to change video settings, at every attempt. Then crashed on opening cutscene for MP, then during pick your RIG video. Then it crashed twice trying to load MP map. So far I have been unable to play it at all. I even kind of like Call of Duty, but this is not a working product. Glad I didn't pay for it.
Good thing this game is free for this weekend i feel sorry for people spending 60€ on this crap, It was loading sharders or whatever for longer than I actually spent playing.Also you are playing some future soldier that takes 5 seconds to change wepons and can't control recoil well so much for future eh? More like stoneage soldier with rocket shoes
piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy dat♥♥♥♥♥
Crashes every ♥♥♥♥ing time
Call of Duty Waste of my bandwith and time. How do you have a free weekend and nothing is unlocked and the multiplayer wont run and the bot matched crash before the map even loads past the lobby screen? Going right back to CSGO and R6 Siege, at least they load up.
Matchmaking doesn't work. It's not a joke. Waste of my time even for a free weekend.
I thought people were memeing when they said that this is just a neutered and way worse bo3 but they were right.
Most broken new and supported game I have played thus far...
The game chrashes all the time, every 5 minutes the game will crashe. I can't start a match because THE GAME CRASHES CONSTANTLY!!!
Minimum specs say i3 and gtx 660, i have an i7 and a gtx 760 and at minimum i get ~30fps withy severe drops to 5 fps on most multiplayer maps, since the new engine (ghosts) the pc versions have run like crap on lower spec pc, the game keeps freezing and dropping frames. Black ops 3, advanced warfare and ghosts do the same even on lowest settings, i only played black ops 3 due to great zombies maps and mods. PC COD is dead and unplayable.
Singleplayer is pretty good, multiplayer is awful.
overall crap i don't know why they made it free
My first review ever. Single is ok. Zombies are best part of this stupid game althought player base on zombies is so low that I watched Return of the King in extended version and still no players in lobby. Multiplayer is worse then genocide.
does not keep up with the reputation of the call of duty franchise
Not good. It's not good at all. Just played the free week and it is extremely formulaic, extremely low TTK, sale tri-lane map structure, low recoil weapons with very powerful melee capabilities, performance on PC is meh, especially considering the visual quality of the game. Overall, if you played one Mass appeal military shooter, you played this.
Wanted to play multiplayer, but couldn't. -Match found-Loading level-Tried to look at peoples stats while waiting, but all stats were bugged -Waited for about 3 minutes to load-Game decided to give up on itself and crashed-After 2 tries, attempted to verify files and get the game working-Tried one more time-Failed-♥♥♥♥ this I'm out
i wouldn't even get it for zombies.-10/10
Bad graphics. Bad Sound. Slow loading time. Waste of time and money...True cod doesn't exist anymore...DONT BUY IT...played 7min for this free weekend and I was done...
WAS FREENOW NOT STILL HUNGRY FOR MONEYU SUCK COD
bad gaem
A horrid excuse for a game that has the awesome name of Call Of Duty
Forget about the multiplayer! Campaing is soso...seems rather generic with shallow characters.
Do I need to explain why it's bad?
lame
The game freezes everytime i try to change any setting.yey!
disappointment.
first game i played was against 2 cheaters thus making me close the game and give this review.
Id like a refund
the worst
LOL THIS GAMER CAN SUCKERONI MY TINY PEPE THE FROG, SO NOOB GAME I CRY WHEN I PLAY LOLZ!!!! DONT BUY IT FOR NOOBS, GO BUY MW2 OR UR NOT OG COD PLAY
trash game run horribly
single player is actually pretty goodmultiplayer i do not like the jump pack (and movment as a whole) feels janky and horrible and the time to kill is far too lowi have came across a few hackers as wellif it is on sale buy the base game as the single player is actually ok don't bother too much with the multiplayer
Worst Optimized Game Ever!!Unless you have a super high-end PC this game is likely to be unplayable.I'm running a Ryzen 1800X with a GTX960 and I play with less than 25 FPS most of the time at the lowest settings.Definitely not recommendable!
MWR SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love the game its just it messed up my steam, making it really slow and I can't do anything. I wish I could just play it with no problems
This game is enjoyable when it works. The single player is a decent length but the multiplayer can be hit or miss, sadly this game like many other cods does suffer from terrible balancing issues. The devs clearly dont test balancing before they release new weapons as some weapons are way too op and on top of that some op weapons are able to be used akimbo making them devastating. The match making is terrible sometimes you can wait up to 10 mins to find other people to play with just to loose connection :( this far after the games release the game is quickly dying and less and less people play it daily.  The zombies mode can be fun but can quickly become boring. The season pass dosent offer anything new its just more of the same which is fine but dosent do anything new to keep you interested. This is one of them games thats like a sinking ship unless your a die hard cod fan its not worth your money.I would rate it as follows:Single player : 7/10Multiplayer : 4 /10Zombies : 6/10
if you like campagne and solo zombies then buy this game but if you injoy playing with other people dont buy it it tskes 30 mins to find a game and when you do it end beacuse people leave and it dosent change the host
Trash-DO NAWT BUY
Even though this game has a zombies mode, I personally think it is just way too cheezy for me. Also I am not a fun of jet aids in futuristic games now.
HAHAHAHAHAHA This game is soo bad that there are not enough players to create teams in multiplayer. I waited 4-5 min to start a classic Team Deathmatch, Really?! Well, I'll have to play it for the campain that's for sure... Gonna come back with a replay soon after I finish the story of the game.
Lags too much
bad
I already regret buying this
This game is so bad that 99% of things in this game is in supply drops which you will never get what you want, second matchmaking takes minutes until you find a game which in like BO3 it's instant I know this is due to the low number of players but it's cause of many bad things in the game, also EVERY TIME I enter the game it needs to load shaders, campaign was good not as bad as the multiplayer, infinite warfare has become a pay to win I bet their is more than 1000 things in supply drops and most of them are useless, zombies is weird in this game no one does zombies better than treyarch I think you should've made another mode but meh whatever, last thing WHY make me pay  for MWR and I could've bought it separately why you guys lie to people and say it will never be sold separately, in conclusion I wish I didn't buy this game and wish I listened to my friends who told me not to buy but whatever. BTW I'm done with infinity ward.
there's more people playing faming simulator than this, nuf said......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I couldn't actually get it to run. I could mess around in the menus and the opening movie sequence would start, but then nothing but a black screen. I can run Alien Isolation and Doom 2016 just fine so my rig isn't  out of date, so I'm not sure what's wrong here.Wish I could refund this. I'm not sure what even compelled me to get this game in the first place. Very dumb choice.
Sometimes fun game, garbage port.
Cant review this game because its pretty broken for me. I cant seem to figure out whats wrong with this game. I bought it a couple of days ago and it ran pretty well. Seemed to be pretty badly optimized but it still ran. A few days later, i was playing Zombies and my framerate dropped below the playable minimum. Im talking 12-15. Ive been googling my♥♥♥♥♥off tryng to fix it but nothin works. Multiplayer still runs just fine which doesnt help me because the multiplayer is horrible. I just wanted to play the campaign and zombies but neither of those two modes are playable at this point. Nobody else seems to be having the same problems and i cant find anything online to help.The few hours of campaign and Zombies i have played were very fun though. Multiplayer isnt all ad but its not very good either. Recommend to people who want to play the campain and Zombies. Multiplayer is not something i can recommend this game for. Too many people running around with akimbo smgs. not very enjoyable. Only paid $10 for it so im not that mad. Just sucks that i cant run the game for what i intended to.
Game can be fun at times.Full of autistic french kids with an IQ below 80.A LOT of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t weapons such as the Reaver.Don't buy unless you love supply drops, screaming children and exo suits.EDIT---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------MWR REVIEW:The game is great but the playerbase is the most cancerous♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever witnessed in my life.Players will literally sit in the same house or corner ALL ♥♥♥♥ING GAME and just wait for you to run past and shoot you, and when they eventually die they just go back to their "spot".Juggernaut - Cancer
This still want people to pay $60 for this? (Playtime is irrelevant, played on console and offlined Zombies on PC)
the fps drops to 50fps and maybe 60 if your lucky no point in investing with this game it has no benefiting factors unless you count the space battles that was cool
Interesting game but crappy publisher bad support tons of bugs, they just want to take your money
I didn't play MW: Remastered since 2017.03.12, and I received a ban 2 days ago. Also, Infinite Warfare stutters like hell with GTX 1050Ti, i5-2500k 3.3ghz and 8GB Ram. Even MW:R stuttered a lot on my previous card, RX 480 8GB, so this confirms the PC port is utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like in the past few years. I always waited for the preload shaders to load, and never skipped those processes, but sometimes the game runs with stable 60 fps, sometimes between with 9-30 fps.Multiplayer: I always lost connection to host - Status Burgundia - because my name contains more than 15 characters...♥♥♥♥♥ing really? What if I want to use this name? Ridiculous.
Wow. I have a GTX 1050 TI and I couldn't run this game on Normal settings without going below 30 FPS in 'very spacious' scenes in space.Do not buy until it gets patched or optimized for PC. The only COD I have ever had problems with.
Yes when i would launch my game it would load but when i would click the icon on my task bar to pull up the screen it wouldnt and i wasted my money on this game
i must have been high on supply drops when i got this game
This is the worst port I have ever played. It makes launch day Arkham Knight feel like silk. The constant stutter gave me a seizure and the ridiculous lag meant the suffering went on a fraction longer than it should. Best Vintage Slide Projector Simulator of 2016.
Titanfall 2 does it better, get it instead.
It is actually rather enjoyable, but they should've titled it a little more properly. Instead of being called "Infinite Warfare" It is much more appropriate to call it "Infinite Preloading Shaders". It also didn't seem to have the guts to throw all of their sweet space combat and zero gravity hookliney fun from singleplayer and at least have a single mode for that kind of jazz in multiplayer. It could have gone a little bit more all out with it's concept and having some nifty gadgets and gizmos like transforming guns, shield bubbles, and vortex bombs only took it so far. Let's be honest, Call of Duty isn't very balanced anymore, so why pretend it still is? Had this game thrown all rhyme and reason out the window and let the insanity of it's cool and crazy tech really shine through, it could have been outstanding. Zombies in Spaceland is quite a bit of fun because it takes off the leash of trying to be a serious zombie experience and instead lets you ride a rollercoaster in the middle of the action while blasting out to David Hasselhoff's sickest 80's jams. that burnt out quick when you realize everyone in the lobby is AFK farming for xp. to circle back to the first point made, i really do believe the only thing infinite about this game is the amount of time it takes to preload the shaders.
Worst 4 hours of my life. First thing on I see ppl flying around like OH BOY LET ME EXO SLIDE IN YOUR EXO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WHILE A GET EXO FISTED
nobody plays multiplayer
this game ♥♥♥♥ing blowshalf the postive reviews are re ta rd s with 5-10 hours played that think spending 60 USD for half a days worth of gameplay is a good price. This game is a joke and reminded me why I stopped buying Call of Duty games. I only purchased it for remastered cod 4 and they have ruined that game too with a bunch of useless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
zombies is okbut the game is way to unstable and buggy.
Poor performance even on very good hardware. Bad Gameplay. Bad Graphics. Zombiemode is fun for some hours. Overall bad package for the price tag....
Well can´t play it for some reason.I have a gtx 980ti, a 6700k and 32gb ram@ 3440x1440p i can not even get it to run stable above 30fps with everything set to low/off.In Advanced warfare i can run the game with almost everything maxed out @3440x1440p 4x aa and during the 20min i played it never even dropped under 75fps.So yea lets hope they sort this crap out soon becasue outside of that the game looks kinda fun especially the zombie mode.
My Multiplayer Exp:  TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, Domination, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM, TDM.  'Bout sums it up.
it not good i don't like it because ther is a bug in the campain and you can't continue
it's medicine to my cod addiction nothing else......if i buy season pass dose that mean im idiot???
most trash cod ever made. cod in general will be trash moving fwd.
This game is one of the worst call of duty games in the world.1.) Aimbot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s2.) cheaters that just cheat in keys and parts of the legendary gear.3.) try hard no lifes that you think are good but are really just cheating4.) Hardly anyone is even on the ♥♥♥♥ing game the max on the ♥♥♥♥ing game on pc is only 1,000 console there is way more people on all the game modes.
this game is for cunnts
doesnt work so i guess its♥♥♥♥♥
this is a trash game whenever i want to play multiplayer or zombies it doesn't connect online i hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t activisions also do nothing about this ♥♥♥♥ activision ♥♥♥♥ this game after downloading 200gb it can't even connect to online these are some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who built this sucking game
This is the worst Call of Duty game I have ever purchased.  It will not run on Steam and crashes after a few minutes of  startup
RUNS LIKE A HORSE WITH NO LEGS
lol
the game had potential but the cumminity is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and does not wants to play anyother gamemodes most of the people dont play the game any more you can always play teamdeathmatch but you may play with same people most of the time
Save your money, do not buy this garbage.
error code 262144 wtf
AFter a further massive update this game will STILL not load in the presence of anti virus software!!!The entire franchise is therefore called into question. I shall not be purchasing another game from them.
poopy 0/10 would not play again
this is the worst game ever, if with a x64 bit operation system and a good graphics card, this game it the ♥♥♥♥♥ it refuses to run.
Nothing that I, or anyone else, can say, hasn't already been said. It's Activision with another cash grab game that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the whole community. It has an alright campaign that might last you eight hours if you play everything. The multiplayer is the same as the last two, with a few new gimmicks. Zombies in Spaceland is an alright take on other, better, Call of Duty third modes. You'd be hard pressed to find many people playing this game at all. I would pass up on this game if I were a potential buyer. This game fails to satisfy my, and many other players, desire for a fun, FPS, experience.
dont even think abiout it
Boring, overused story type nothing new and really boring futuristic style of the past few call of duty games making it unoriginal.
gavno
The usual pain of dont really want to buy cod games but the inevablity gets to you eventually. As everyone has probably heard the games sucks♥♥♥♥♥ its far from enjoyable anymore. The developers just want to bulldoze you out of money and dont care about your experience and its starting to get some resistance from the community now (which is good). Short story of it , Overpriced, Not unique anymore, no players online and being the first cod ive owned since my move to pc i was happy to find out that they havent even bothered to add split screen on PC. so you cant play online with your friends because of no players being online and lack of games mode with players in, you also cant play with your friends in person :( i shall not be buying anymore Call Of Duty's seen as the whole experience leaves you feeling mugged off tbh.
game runs dredfull if you like to constant stutter and freeze thin this game is for you
POS Keeps crashing on WIN10..  ♥♥♥♥ing waste of money
Only purchase if you wanna play run around in a park -.- SIGH
Will not stop crashing can not play it got it to play with a freind and i can't DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT A GOOD GAME
they allow hackers to run wild do not buy this game
Too many cheating pieces of sh!t on multiplayer, and Infinity Ward have done f*ck all to fix this.
every time i try to run the game it dosen't work.
I played it when it 1st launched.....dropped out of it cause of university and got back at summer time...kept crashing, multiplayer disconnect due to transmission errors.....bye bye.
About IW:IW isnt that bad, but black ops 3 did it better with amazing zombies more players and mod support. The performance is worse than bo3 and bo3 has unlocked FPS so just get bo3 and skip this title... About MWR multiplayer:This game absolutely sucks on pc. I have a gtx 1060 with an i5 6400 and 8gb of ram, heck even on the lowest settings I dont seem to get above 7 fps... The menus are locked at 45 fps which hurts my eyes on my 144hz screen. I used to play it normal in the first few weeks but now that ive downloaded the 50 gb again (on a 1.3mb/s connection!!!) im disapointed and hope that CoD WW2 will have better optimization...
#make call of duty great agian!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! call of duty ghots
Pretty bad for the multiplayer, you're better off buying the game that Infinite Warfare is copying: Titanfall.If you want to play zombies mode it could be pretty fun, it has a nice 80s theme and lots of items to find and play with. Sadly the lack of a proper tutorial takes a lot of that mode's value. I would prefer having a 10-15 minutes proper tutorial teaching me how to craft the weapons and where to find the items instead of watching a 40 minute video on youtube of a guy playing and screaming just so I can learn how to craft more weapons.
Worst CoD ever made.  Laggy af in both single and multiplayer.  Don't buy this game.  It will never run smooth on any PC.  I'm using 980ti and i7 4770 with 24GB RAM.  Still it gave me 5-10 FPS at cut scenes and gameplays.  So I lower it from 4k to HD and made all settings to normal.  Didn't help.  Restarted the game, ran in HD then it lagged again during mission.  How did the game pass quality control?  This is a giant piece of garbage.
i would like to say that i enjoy multiplayer and the campaign, but this game is just terrible. even with a great ping AND 35-40 fps, i can't hardly play the majority of multiplayer maps without jumpy lag. that may just sound like a bad host connection, but it even continues into the campaign, where a connection isn't required. the game WOULD be fun to play, however i can't recommend it in its current state.
I know this game got a critical kicking just after coming out and let’s be real, I only got it because of the saleHowever, it’s like BAD, I mean real BAD just 24 hrs to play on hard (doing some side ops) they bolted on a space story for a game that was clearly intended to be a NAVY aircraft-carry story on the sea!Not in space come on the space ships have runways for landing LOL and no guns on the (under) bottom of the ship (as if you can have a top or side or bottom in space)The underside of any in game ship (apart from your fighter) is impervious to any damage. I parked under one and shot it for a long time with no results:}All in all, still not a barging at half price, even for the DX12 eye candy graphics very predictable ending had a lantern hung on it 5 or six time in the early part of the game so no surprise when it ends.So don’t get it unless its real low-price sub $5.Please I hope the new one is worthy of a AAA franchise game title. Would have been “Not happy” if I had paid full price.
bad game
It SUCKS
Positive: NoneNegative: Unable to connect to host.Unable to migrate host.Connecting to online services.And lots more.Overall: Very bad optimized game. Now ive heard that they want to sell MW Remastered seperately, probably because no one is buying this game.
This call of duty is not to bad but the game play has been made to not act like a normal call of duty. They should not have made it like this and under the name of Call of duty
worst game ever played....
unplayable. my laptop is well about the min specs but im getting a crazy 9 to 15 frams a second with everyting on lowest setting, worst 30 bucks iv ever spent.i7 8gb ran windows 10 gtx 960m, any sugestions
Literally a waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money. The only reason I bought it was to get Cod4 Remastered.
Well I would have loved to play this game however it crashes before I get the chance to. My pc meets all the requirements listed on the Activision support page. Shoudn't be this hard to get it to play the game. PC users beware this game only works properly on a console.
This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥br>/Edit: Decided to try the game again.Stuck on an infinite "Update requires restart" loop.
I spend more time trying to get the game to start/load then playing the game.  Would not recommend.  Simply a waste of 50 bucks.
overated
no
I got this Game for free, I want my free back
Garbage, there is a reason why the trailer has as much dislakes as justin biber's song baby. -.-
Trash

Complete garbage.
Campgain is very fun and interesting but multiplayer wasnt kinda bad till 2 months now there are too many cheaters and there are so much people running with shotguns which are overpowered
I paid money for this (Kill me).
I think i hate about this game is bugs in between the game that make it more worce
Game is great just there are sooo many cheats in this game its not funny. I simply wouldnt buy it because of that and the fact no one is online apart from hacked lobbies. developer doesnt support lagit players.other then that great game.
Terrible game and a further deterioration for the series
franchise go boom
Honestly the worst FPS I ever had in a COD game... Ever....
I played this game for quite some time and I don't recommend this game because obvious reasons.
why did i get this game hell no , im a huge fan of the COD series but , lets be honest it looks like a Facebook game , wtf !!!! :/ why activision whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy , give me back my monnnnney ! downloaded 73 gb and at the last to notice that i better didnt download it
*SMH*  Buy a Waifu online instead of this♥♥♥♥♥
Space combat is the only saving grace. And maybe Jon Snow...But he knows nothing.
nice advertising, but the game itself...hmmmm very awful specially the multi-game. So "Sad".
♥♥♥♥ future cod
ot sucks now one plays online
♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bunnyhop gameCOD games die in 3 years, no matchmaking anymore in earlier games (MW3)12.00AM 2000 Players online, matchmaking cant find matches in 10 minutes. 2.23AM 800 Players online, still no matchmaking in 5 minutes...So, COD games die within 3/4 years. They all suck!COD 2,4 and WaW had better ways to find players, called Dedicated servers!!!!! Bring them back goddamn!
Cannot play because it freezes at the menu, and wont load my campain, game keeps freezing and crashing :(
worst pos ever. Do not buy. Until now these people didint realkse a patch to fix modern warefare. I tried safemoad and all and all i get is that stupid memory error that effects so many and still the game is none playable. i asked for a refunbd and got no reply.
The single player is quite a bit of fun, but the multiplayer is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Considering people buy for multipler, this gets a downvote.Never buy infinate warfare for multiplayer.Zombies is too♥♥♥♥♥♥buy Black ops 3
I bought this game because it's supposed to come with Modern Warfare 2 Remastered. Apparently, MW2 only comes with the almost $100 version of the game, and they don't tell you that. So if you're buying this for the Remaster, don't.But that's not where the bad news ends. I have an i7, GTX980 SLI, Asus Gaming Motherboard, 64g Ram, SSD, PC, and this game was EXTREMELY buggy and laggy. My headshots wouldn't hit till a literal half a second after I shot, while in Zombies.And my biggest gripe, is how Infinity Ward does business these days. We all know the story here. But to find out they're RE-charging us for DLC we bought almost a decade ago, and charging $100 almost for the game, is pathetic. I've asked for a refund and it's the last COD game I will ever buy.
I can't be bothered playing this pile of old horse shi* till the end.It's the most boring,drab,mindnumbing load of dross I have ever played.Full of the most uninteresting characters ever invented,a boring generic "Story".Space combat is less fun than watching paint dry.Graphics are very nice but thats about it.Thank god I did'nt pay full price for this god awful game.Even thinking about the game is a superb cure for insomnia.0/10.
I stop play this Game for 1 is not a good game and they mess up the remasterd ,u can't even find a lobby. You pay 60usd for a game i can't find a lobby to play.....Damn! I just get tired of the jumping seriouly . My hands hurt ,I'm oldschool so i only used keyboard and mouse . I did alot of that on BO3. I just can't keep up with you YOUNG KIDS' WITH THE SCUF CONTROLLER AND HACKS .....I give this game a 0 out of 5. ValVe can i get my MONEY BACK on this piece of....................
Cannot play because it freezes at the menu
The game is good but... Multiplayer only works in Team deathmatch normally. At some point the game is always the same and boring. Sometimes you start playing on the lasts seconds of a multiplayer game. Overall all depends how much you paying to buy this game.
cod is so ded
Dont waste your money , save it for better games coming this year, nobody plays this in steam hardly 1k people.
nub game
super boring
cant even start a game. it freezes. uninstall.
Its the worst call of duty game in the universe first of all i bought it only for the Mwr but i decided to try it when i loaded the game i was like damn 90 fps on ultra did know my 960 could do that but the i relized the textures where besicay at low its a stupid ♥♥♥♥ing graphics bug that pisses me off its really bad and not even worth it if you really want Mwr maybe wait if a standalone version comes out or this goes on sale its coll that you get Mwr but man infinit warfare is bad i actually try to give it a chane but the stupid graphics bugs just makes it as i am playing on a damn vodoo card as of now i dont recomend to buy the bundel with Mwr. 4/10 for Infinite crapfere
Honestly I wish I could get a refund... no one even plays it anymore. The campaign is short and uneventful. The last title I played was Black Ops 2 and that was even getting a little bit borderline dumb. I really shouldn't have spent money buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
i bought this game with the thought of: why not give it an shot. might not be so bad.in the beginning wen i first started it up it did not work for some reason... so took me half an day to get it working properly. then i ran in the same problem again with the constant 10-15 fps. and i cant get it fixed and the game been out since forever and cod still didnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it.so i came to the conclusion this game is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t..
Game can be quite fun when it works however me and my mates, all who have pc's from good to top market, have all had several problems that seem to not be abled to be fixed except by pure luck. Do not buy unless you want to waste your money
Glad I paid only 10GBP.
What's the point of having a game that is played only by 1.2k players?
"Call of Duty": Infinite Warfare is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥sucking,♥♥♥♥♥♥licking,♥♥♥♥♥♥drinking dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and a bad shake consisting of steaming pig♥♥♥♥♥♥ cat♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥.The campaign is total ♥♥♥♥ing dog♥♥♥♥♥♥Multiplayer is a ♥♥♥♥ing cash grab, but it's okay...the problem is that it's so okay that it's the same ♥♥♥♥ing thing since 2007. The supply drops are ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. I'd rather eat frozen dog turds. Zombies is tolerable.And then comes the real♥♥♥♥♥♥stain: Modern Warfare Remastered.The campaign is just the original Call of Duty 4 campaign from 2007 with better graphics. The Call of Duty 4 campaign is great.Multiplayer is...good. The only thing that blazes my balls is that the Vanity Map Pack, which in 2008 was free for PC users, now costs 15 EUR which is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!The optimization of Modern Warfare Remastered on PC is ♥♥♥♥ing balls. In Multiplayer, it just stutters like crazy. Infinite Warfare on the other hand runs nicely at 75fps.FINAL VERDICT: Infinite Warfare sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I don't recommend it, even if I played it myself.EDIT: I put "Call of Duty" in quotes to distance this piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥from the best Call of Duty game to date, Black Ops 3.
this game sucks
game crash
Kind of dissapointing,Mulitplayer, it was your usualy COD muliplayer, but with this one the guns worked  a slightly differently, you cant even distinguish between and assault rifle and a shotgun as they both look too "futuristic".Zombies was okay'ish, havent played it but saw the game play, if i was to buy this game zombies would be the only thing that I would play.Cant speak for the campaign as I havent played it.
I bought this game for 10€ and mostly for the campaign since I really like Call Of Duty campaigns.For the campaign I would give 8/10 - Really good and fun, but sadly it is quite short. I am one of those people who actually liked the space flight stuff, I like being able to do a little bit more in Call Of Duty than to just shoot and run.Now for the multiplayer part, I went into this not expecting anything good, just expected an average experience, but this is by far one of the worst multiplayer games I've yet to seen. Maps are small af, everybody are flying and running around just like a bunch of headless chickens and there's no teamwork whatsoever. If you want to play ANY other gamemodes, like infected, etc. then you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. I waited 10 minutes to find a infected gamemode lobby and even then when I finally found a lobby, the server disconnected me for some weird♥♥♥♥♥reason.Multiplayer score: 2/10 - Works well only when you love small af maps in 2017 and don't have the brain capacity (that brain capacity part is sarcasm if you didn't already notice) to play anything other than deathmatch or team deathmatch.Overall score 6/10 - It would be a 3/10, but for me it's a 6 just because of the good campaign, though short, I must admit it was the best part of the game by far.
I like CoD franchise, been playing it practically since the very first game, and I play solo campaigns only.Each of them happens to have more or less frustrating parts, which make me grind my teeth, but in the end it's fun.This game has space fighters combat  sections / missions - something that really pi**es me off, and there's a lot of them too - when I'm buying a CoD game I'm expecting to play a top notch shooter, not a space sim, not a city builder game, not an RPG, but a shooter, so here's a rant, not about Infinite Warfare being a bad game (I don't think it is), but about those goddarn frustrating flight parts. Honestly, WTF?!
To echo what everyone else has pretty much said, the multiplayer is trash. Thats not just because I'm crap at it, I'm crap at other COD but still apreciate it. Get ready for multiple spawn deaths
Infinite warfare cod has more bugs than a dead sheep,does not work on pc,Beware of downloading games from steam, I downloaded the whole quake saga for nostalgic reasons, All of the games did not work apart from the 1st one,and I asked for a refund. they told me i had been playing it for 6 hours, I hadn,t,  that included the download time,so No refund, and there is no appeal! I did not, to be fair download cod infinite warfare from steam but bought it on cd,s from amazon, ,cause i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with steam,but to play it you have to upload it to steam! probably should have bought it from them but since it took a whole day to download they would say i,ve been playing it for that long so no refund ! caveat emptor!!!!!!!
The multiplayer is dead...you wait ages for a game to pop. SinglePlayer doesn't get past the first 5sec of the intro vid without crashing every single time.Do not buy.
Absolue trash cant even play a game because apparently i am unable to connect to a server along with the other 900 people playing this game. to charge £40 on here for a game where you cant even play multiplayer is embarrasing. thank god i bought it on♥♥♥♥♥because id be on the phone to the FBI reporting the scamming ♥♥♥♥s
DO NOT BUY. It crashes about 5 minutes after everytime I start it. I haven't even began the first mission yet.
I rate this game a negative - I actually enjoy the game as a whole but, the developers are still just out for the money and have no interest in tackling the horrific cheats and exploits that has ruined this game like every other COD game.The COD franchise is dead, both the remastered and infinite warfare are full of cheaters. So therefore i would suggest you keep your cash and give it to a publisher that is more deserving.60GB download to get lobbies full of cheats every game - Pull your finger out of your backside IW. But as proved already you never will.Definately not worth the money or the download time for what it is.Any future releases they can stick right up their back passage sideways, I'm not giving them another penny. Bunch of money grabbing man juice eaters.
Simply put, I regret buying it.
I´m glad i bought it juist because of MW:Remastered, because its literally♥♥♥♥♥♥.. tried to play it but i can´t connect to any official server, UNABLE TO ESTABLISH A SECURE CONNECTION WITH HOST Solution, thanks for such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game...
idont like this game because every time i install and uninstall it crashes while preloading shaders dont waste your money on this get something from the lack ops line instead
At least they're revisiting older ones...
Only got it for COD4Remaster
I purchased this game for 29.99 NZD, just to find out that everytime I try and connect to multiplayer it's says "unable to establish secure connection to host" and every time I play single player, or at least try, it's says "DirectX encountered an unrecoverable error. check the readme file for Solutions." I've updated the directx and looked across the Internet for any possible solution, but yet to no avail, the problem occurs again and again. This game, I DO NOT recommend, under any circumstances, as it is but a dead wreck fallen upon a lost shore.
It's okay but literally no one is playing. Haven't had the opportunity to try the campaign but the people say it's fine. Therefore I can't recommend it, just get MW or BO2, they're cheaper anyway.
this game is terrible i problry would trash on it more if i could get on ether games it just says connection can not be found it is not like my wifi is bad all my other games work fine or i could not handle the game but i can handle the campahin just fine it is the game is trash and i enjoy free games more than this. so any one that is thinking buying the game cause it is call of duty it must be good well is is a lie this game infinitey sucks
Probably the worst Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥you will ever play...Full of utter bollock....You shoot first you die first...you shoot second you die first..It's just utter♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY!!!!
worst cod i've played so far
I got this for a science fiction single player campaign - what a disappointment.The most human character was the robot.
Don't bother. No one is playing in multiplayer. Such is the downfall of constant remakes of the same game by the same companies over and over. You MIGHT be able to join a Team Deathmatch game, but (at least in my opinion) that's the most boring game mode offered. Put your money towards something like Overwatch or CS:GO instead.
Wanna know a joke?Activision.
POSSIBLE SPOILERS, maybe..Eh/10 - I don't know why Activision bothered.. and I don't know why I bothered either.Campaign:The campaign was actually not as bad as I thought. The side mission stuff actually felt like it fit into the game since we have our own ship and stuff. However, it was a short campaign with no substance BUT what do you expect, It's Call of Duty. Ethan was the only character I actually liked since he was a Beep Boop and looked better than most humans in the game. The other characters were just thrown in by SJWs, you know how it is these days.The cutscenes would always, ALWAYS jitter/lag/freeze completely/freeze with sound/freeze without sound, only video/etc.. This is due to loading shaders and such, even after disabling the pre-load shader option which loads everything AFTER the cutscene and not during it to free up some hamster power (and my hamster is quite a powerful one).The gameplay itself was ok but i'd prefer to have my "Boots on the Ground" (achievement reference HAHA) since there is just too much dancing and floating around for me to the point of having severe motion sickness which I get from looking at 60-9999+fps anyway.Music? Memorable? Nope.Multiplayer:Terrible. Also, first match was with someone blatantly using aimbot. I've never seen someone whip round so fast in my life.Conclusion:Call of Duty: Ethan's Reboot should be a thing since he was a bro <3Can I go end my life now?
Why do the guns feel like nerf?
So I spent 8 minutes with this game (so far, will retry).** preloading shaders ** This lasted a good 2 minutes ; I wasn't even on the main menu yet.no settings? odd.** new campaign **** video -  rather uninteresting, can't cut short **** loading **That loading part was a little bit irritating.The first 95% of the progress bar were completed in one second.The last 5 (until the crash) took more than a minute.** crashes **Attempt #2"Do you want to start the game in safe mode?" Apparently so...No preloading shaders this time, that's a plus.** new campaign **** video **** loading **** crashes **Attempt #3See attempt #2.Read other reviews, crashes problems...Requesting refund.Refund denied (I should have tested it within 14 days after the purchase).Attempt #4Holding mouse down allows to skip the video and it apparently skips the crash that was happening on my machine.As soon as you get in control of the character, press escape to make sure the keys are matching your keyboard's layout otherwise you'll start with your first death ;)2017 and we're still having this kind of problems. Some things will never change...TL;DRIf you can make it past the crashes, then it's a nice CoD game.
♥♥♥♥ hate this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
very bad
I lived in the US bought the game there. Moved to Japan for military reasons and i cant even play any of the CODS online.....thanks
This is diamond sword to major steve, your gunna find diamonds.
Best Connecting to Online Services Simulator 2017Edit: Multi-player is region locked. I'm stuck in South East Asia where there's enough players for like 2 lobbies. YMMV.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ня
Just bring back dedicated servers! So we can ban hackers. The Multiplayer is crap. Maps are plain they clearly ran out of inspiration.
this game is crap, runs really bad on PC but looks fantastic.
Campaign was fun though could not find any one for zomibes mode also no fix for downgraded visuals bug :T
its a joke.cost 50$ with mwr.mwr was good.before they added supply weapons.....(crying and cutting my weins)
Damn, this game is freaking bad. Cutscenes` audio lags all the damn time (GTX 770, play GTA5 and BF4 on ultra on 60-80 FPS), + it sometimes lags in the gameplay process. Story is pure BS. Looks like the only things that somehow saved the sales of IW are Connor McGregor and Kit Harington. Fans of COD, MMA and GOT saved the game a bit, but that`s wasn`t enough. Ok, they buy the game, but you should freaking make them play, not just buy it. `Aight, looks like adverts and McGregor`s face made some people BUY this game but playing it is under a big, big question...Had some problems with multiplayer - couldn`t connect me to the servs. Now, after like 1 hour of trying to find an answer, MP works but I don`t really want to play it. Some weapons are 2 OP in this game, so all 3 team deathmatches I got rekt, `cos I couldn`t even really do anything to my enemies with stock weapons, while others had top-tier ones. In older games there was nearly no gap between top-tier and low-tier, so everyone had a chance to kill a 10-prestige guy.The only thing, that is really cool and fun about this game is Zombies. This game mode is really fun to play and well-made. If you could buy Zombies without the rest of the game, for about 10-15$, I would have bought it. The whole COD:IW is a waste of 35 dollars. I do not advise you to buy that piece of crap, better save that money for some other games. I`m waiting for COD:WW2 - there`s a slight chance that devs realized their mistakes with that futuristic♥♥♥♥♥♥ and finally made a nice game.3/10
Single missions are not bad, but I can't say it's good.First, it's poorly optimized. Several lags and frame drops I have gone through.Second, the main stories are too short compared to the price. Story is not bad, but little childish I think.Third, battle motions are too simple and seem outdated. Look at Battlefield4 or Titanfall2.Last, multiplay games are boring and take too much time to find matches.
Multiplayer.I really TRY to enjoy this game but it is literally unplayable.You're constantly getting killed or stunned by weird random weapons you've never seen before.Everything just explodes around you.Tons of players just flying around with auto-shotguns, suddenly appearing above you.Loot crates, quartermaster, hacks, lab, prototyping ... everything just overloads your brain.And they seem to constantly add more "content".At this point, the game is just annoying and nowhere near fun to play.
Story is very nice but the multiplayer is so ♥♥♥♥ing full with tryharders omfg you cant even go to a positive kd as a starter. And i am not bad at cod its just♥♥♥♥
i got the $70 version for the COD4 remaster wasnt expecting much. ( was expecting it to be the worse one so far) It did not disapoint. wasnt expecting it to be super populated because the pc community is small. again wasnt suprised when there was only 2k people playing on realease. then i accidently played to much and couldnt refund :/ RIP $70
GAME IS FARKED.........DECENT SINGLEPLAYER, [ NEED M.I.B DEVICE TO FORGET SO CAN REPLAY ] MULTIPLAYER IS SHITHOUSE HACKERS PARADISE VERSION WHATEVER THE ♥♥♥♥ WERE UPTO NOW....USED TO GET AT LEAST 2/3 GOOD FULL LOBBIES OF MATCHES TDM, NOW ONLY 1 AND A HALF AT ANYTIME, WITH A 75% SUCCESS RATE FOR IT TO BE "HACKED" ..  WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS EVERYONE? OUT OF TEN 1/10 .   COULD'VE BEEN AN 8 "IF" THE MP WAS NOT HACKED AT ALL**  PFFT YEA ♥♥♥♥ING RIGHT..........GREAT MP RUINED BY♥♥♥♥♥♥LOBBY COUNT, AND HACKER PARADISE. COD POINTS THAT ARE WAYYYYYYYYYYYYY TO EXPENSIVE VS THE COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AMOUNT OF DUPLICATE DROPS....  CONSIDERSING IT'S HACKED SO FAR UP YOUR GRANNIES @$%& IT'S WORTH DROPPING COD POINTS TO MAYBE** 5 POINTS PER BLUE BOX*.... ***MAYBE*** WW2 CAN BE BETTER?  LETS SEE.. # NOTE 2 SELF: START MP DAY 1 FOR A SLIM CHANCE AHEAD OF HACKER PARADISE........ THANKS.  WHAT YOUR STILL HERE?! GET ♥♥♥♥ED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
First 10 min of this game i tried to change my settings, everytime i changed soemthing it made my game crash.When i was done with that i tried to search a game find one says "Match stared, Loading level." Waited a few sec and was like is it gonna start soon? Waited a minute and then i reseached a new match find one, it says the same. Googled it to find out i have to disable my firewall to play the game WTF! I mean i dont get bothered when i need to portforward or fix some files and stuff for a game, but when i have to disable my firewall aka my protection on my pc to play, that ridiculous. Well i did it and tried it for 3 matches 1 was♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2nd was desent 3rd was desent but dident enjoy the game at all so i uninstalled it, might give this game a go something the future or not. My final result of this game well its absolute garbage but that my opinion, i would never recommend this game to anyone.
Its a moofukin´ awesome game, no its not! I h8 this piece of ♥♥♥♥in´ unbalanced/OP weapons like MP7/FMG-9 akimbo of MW3 or the RANGERS akimbo of MW2. It's really hard not to puke at such a gameplay ohh my gash. It is also quite frustrating to have to die from a ♥♥♥♥ing dog who is flying over you.. R.I.P. Movement of CoD. Hope you will die (future genre).Bye have a gr8 time!
5/7best game crashing simulator 2016/2017
Over powered variants of weapons, over reliance on RNG loot boxes, tons of grinding for salvage, getting melted instantly. It has everything I ever wanted in a Cal of Duty game!
ITS FREAKIN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T IT HAVES SO MANY BUGS
I bought this and the season pass ( I know terrible idea ) and I have to really say this....and I have literally been playing COD since the first one. no joke.......This is prob the worst COD to date.....campaign feels .....meh ok....other than that just a terrible horrid game.Zombies-Spaceland was surprisingly fun......the other 2  maps so far........were total trash. not even slightly fun to me.Not to be a fanboy, but Treyarch is the Zombies master. Is this game worth buying?No.Plain and simple.
Nothing New, Paid DLC- for most of the maps (everyone else has the maps so once the game starts to die out, there will be no one to play with, unless you have the DLC) Conclusion: Cash Grab
BAG OF WANK !!!!!!!! AND THE REMASTERED MODERN WARFARE IS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥Such as bad idea for them to try and remaster it. should of let it stay dead and not get peoples hopes up for a wank game
jóféle
I should have listened to the steam reviews. I don't know why I didn't but the game is terribly unoptimized and looks awful. Why can't they look at bo3 and how wonderful that pc port was. Hoping future cods don't stray further and further from pc.
Do you like a tactical game where thinking and strategy matters? If so, don't get this game.This game has freaking jet packs.Folks are flying through the air at lightning speed, running on all the walls (even outside the map) and one-shot killing folks left and right.Those with a brain need not play.
When will they listen??The COD format is done...Standard games are full of cheat perks, which are prohibitive to a fun game. Zombies map releases are scant and scarce, and although the provide a bit of fun - it is impossible to get other players to join you for full map runs as there is no punishment for quitting redering teamplay useless.COD is so DLC reliant its bewildering, DLC and the pricing structure have ruined gaming, but COD is another level....Graphics - are so flat and out of date that if you mention tesselation COD slowly looks for a nook and cranny to hide in.Now pricing, and this is a major bug bear...For some reason those at COD towers think that releasing a substandard and out of date game format is somehow worthy of a £40 price tag, hell as I look today BLOPS 3 is retailing £39.99 and has only seen a lease of life becuase they gae everyone a free month of play on all maps. Their newer releases like IW barely get a mention yet.... that again is retailing at £39.99 - time you had a reality check. Your games have become dire, and you are over charging your loyal customers for krud.Shame on you.... SHAME on YOU!
game doesnt even work just keeps crashing when loading maps great game said no one ever
I only bought this for the zombies and the game won't even let me play it. I've tried the fixes (windowed mode, run as admin and all the rest). The fact of the matter is that ANY game you buy should not make you put in hours of your time trying to start the damn thing and I still can't get it to work.
This game was genuinely trash. I bought it after Christmas and boy was it the worst mistake I've ever made. I've heard the campaign story was actually alright, but other than that it was trash. Multiplayer is horrible, zombies is aids, hard to find games. Pls don't waste your money like I did. I could've bought 3-4 cheaper games that would've been a lot better.
Could have been a great game if only there was dedicatewd servers!
Biggest PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥Steam has ever tricked me into buying. No search and destroy at all. Servers are basically dead. Steam needs to stop selling call of duty games because people like me get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and end up buying a console to play games on instead. =)
To be quite honest, the game is crap.
PC version of this game is full of hackers and controller users with aim assist. Almost unplayable for a normal PC player! Constant changing of weapon models. Purchasing system crappy. Spend all of your earned salvage points to purchase a weapon only to have it "nerfed" the next week. Server system sucks - you have NO control over who or where you play.
I hate this game with a passion.
UPDATE: I found the solution to have the game played: put the video settings to Optimal. The interesting thing is that it sets the game to 60fps, so it seems that this was the issue. But it's stupid, because they give you the option to set it to 144fps. I also added the game to the exception list in my anti-virus after I saw a guy to the same in a video on Youtube and both these solutions worked for him.So I managed to play a game in MP. I still don't recommend the game because there's nothing special about it and especially because it's basically locked at 60fps.At least I will be able to play the campaign so I won't completely regret buying it.Do you know those articles where Vince Zampella apparently said "Don't f...k it up" to the dev's when talking about MW Remastered? Well, the dev's messed it up in style: they f...ed up both games. MW Remastered is a POS console-port and IW is literally unplayable. I have been struggling to get IW to work for a few hours (in two evenings). The game froze AT EVERY CHANGE OF VIDEO SETTING. I could only exit through the task manager. I had to do this 7-8 times until I changed everything I wanted to. And the bloody film grain option CANNOT be disabled even if you set the bar completely to the left.I even installed it one more time (yes, I basically downloaded 180GB of data, because the game has 90 freaking GB) but it still doesn't work. For some reason, there is no Repair option in Steam anymore.After I got the video options set to my liking, I tried to get into a MP game and... you guessed it... it froze... twice.Before someone asks about my PC specs, here you go:AMD FX-8320 (stock clocks)8GB RAMRX 480 8GBSamsung 850 EVO 500GBWindows 7 64-bitI actually set the video options to High because I have a 144Hz monitor and I wanted to have a good framerate.I regret spending the 25 euros for the IW/MW Remastered bundle (I got it from a local store). I never imagined a game that was supposed to be AAA could be a candidate for the worst game made in the history of video games (both PC and console).DO NOT BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!
Can't find any matches on public and zombies mode. This game is dead. Do not buy.Over priced game for waiting in lobby and looking at my player loadout for 20 minutes...
This game lied, I can confirm that the war is not Infinite, also the game is sh*t.
please just no
This game is utter rubbish
I wanted to like this game. But I cannot like a game if I can't play it.Couldn't even make it past the intro cinematic before crashing.And my machine is no slouch. Can play just about any modern release without skipping a beat (Witcher 3, DoW3, Deathwing etc). I gave this game 4 reasonable chances (verified game cache, drivers etc) and it crashed at the exact same spot in the loading screen that followed the Intro Cinematics to the campaign.AAA experience this has been.Requesting a refund.
This game was good untill hackers with aim bots andâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ruin the game
Worst game if 2016 ign
it's just a slip and slide simulator
Not very fun, isn't that what games are supposed to be?
It sucks
Intersting setting, decent shooting... with mouse and keyboard. I couldn't stand playing this with a controller, which is ironic because it's a PC port.And that's about all the good I can say about it. I buy games for the story, not the multiplayer, so I waited until it was half off before buying and I'm still not sure if I got my money's worth.The story is garbage. The premise and setup make no sense whatsoever. You just have to believe that whatever year Infinite Warfare takes place in, everyone in the upper elechons of military and government might actually be stupid enough to think you've really stolen their nose or that someone actually wrote gullible on the ceiling and they're just not looking hard enough.I would be rooting for villains if they weren't even dumber.But as I said: interesting setting, decent shooting. Pick it up for sure if it ever drops to 10 bucks, and if you really like multiplayer, maybe drop 20 on it. Definitely not worth the list price of 60, though.
If you want a game for multiplayer that is semi-decent get bo3 multiplayer starter pack it's $15 and if you want zombies just wait for it to go on sale it will be 15 if you already own the starter pack luckily I got bo3 and chronicles for only 60 if you want decent content just wait for bo3 to go on sale and buy chronicles with it
spoiler] THE PLOT OF THIS GAME RESOLVES OVER ONE DAY![/spoiler]
wont work
the ♥♥♥♥ing worst game ive ecer played
Stop buying from Activision that's how you get them to freaking listen to you.  You guys all bought all of the CODs after Black Ops 2 the last and final decent COD game left.  Come on, they had billions of dollars made from title like Black Ops 3 - which wasn't fixed until most of the multiplayer community already left, Ghost pure poop, Advanced Warfare was ok but they messed it up with lazer gun just like Titan fall as to the smart pistol - allowing noobs to not have to get good - I mean yes shotguns was bad enough in BO2, and all the other titles after BO2 were poop.Anyways, my point is this. Keep giving them money even when they constantly giving you the middle finger because the bottom line is still nice and fat for their pockets.  They are going to keep spamming yearly poop until all the YouTube losers like TBNR stop lying to your face on how great the games are.  You guys are sheep if you are not getting these games for free then you are part of the reason they ignore you and keep building poop you going to give them money anyways.  Now, that they see this game has gone seriously to poop.  Now they want to go back to WWII old school to spam that poop out of that genre too.  To be hoenst they should of just stopped at BO2 and just made a crap loads of maps / DLCs for that one.Call Of Duty: WWII is obviously a rip off of Battlefield One's styled close combat!  Nothing original again but YouTubers are sucking on the large♥♥♥♥♥♥as usual.  Hype it up and everyone will suck the secret sauce and buy it.  I have this feeling it will be like most of the COD's short lived or very small community like BO3 and others.
Nice Anti-Cheat
Load of S***, Nothing works.Zombies is brokenNo one plays Multiplayer and when they do - full of cheaters.Single player is ok. but no depth to it whatsoeverLove the graphicsRuns really wellBut the game is garbage and Activision obviously dont give a F*** about it anymore.Do not buy
This is to you, the buyer, ready and eager to buy this game. Please don't. I made the mistake you have or will. The IW campaign is not that bad, the multiplayer is ok. As for COD 4 Remastered, not so good. They changed the guns ALOT and you can hardly get out of the spawn traps. Were you ready to play some online multiplayer? Think again! You will hardly ever find a match, most play hardcore, if theres even any on. Moral of the story, COD 4 Remastered was boring and they messed with the content more than i would like to admit is true. Wait till this game hits rock bottom, then go on to♥♥♥♥♥or some place similar and buy it. Won't take long i'm sure. If you're still reading, and still consider getting the game for old time sake, then don't say i didn't warn you.edit: forgot about zombies. Just a ripoff of treyarch, but still fun.
Can't find a multiplayer match if your life depended on it, campaign is extremely unoriginal, and the enemies in it are bullet sponges with marksman accuracy, and for some reason the game will randomly lag even when I can easily run it at 60 fps.
Lmao the fps is always around 15 for me.
Too many people now running MODS, Cheats, Hax, whatever you want to call it, and most of them are undected.Check out google with the companies who are selling them.It is about time Activision got together with there copyright dept, and take these people to court.This is spoiling the game for many players, and myself.The people who make these hacks are programmers who are using the same game engine, as it has never changed.One even boasts about not beiong caught in the last 10 years.This is one of the reasons I beleive that the servers should be public, so good clans can get rid of the cheating idiots.
Worste Call of Duty title ever. Definitely  recommended.Save your money.I'm a big Zombies player and have over 1k hours on Black Ops 3 in Zombies & MP.After about 30 minutes of playing time I got bored and will probably not play again, It just doesn't feel unique and gets boring very quickly.FOR PEOPLE BUYING THIS GAME FOR MWR:But then again I only wanted this game for MWR, which is pointless buying anyway on PC as there's less than 1k people playing it, and even at that small ammount about half of them are cheaters. They also promised at the release of the game that MWR would remain intact with the original game and that gameplay would not be changed. It would be a remaster they said,  would change they said, months later supply drops contain weapons that could be considered a lot better than the base weapons of the game, that were  in the original game. At this point I don't think that it's worthy of the title 'remastered'. They then also have the cheek to release a map pack that they released back in 2008. That was FREE in the original game. But now they're asking for money for it.My advice would be to wait until Treyarch releases their next Call of Duty title, Black Ops 3 was released in 2015 and to the present day they're still updating the game and bringing us new content and DLC in 2017. That is what a real Call of Duty title should live up to.They also have PCDEV and he's always getting rid of cheaters on Black Ops 3 PC. Unlike IW that doesn't care. And that's why all of my friends that own the game don't bother playing it. If the developers don't care, then why should we?
The single player is quite a bit of fun, but the multiplayer is a broken controller filled mess. Considering people buy for multipler, this gets a downvote
Quite possibly the most boring storyline of any call of doodie I've ever played. All the character have about as much personality of a glass of 2% milk. Multiplayer is non existent and the only thing that saves this horrid game is the zombie mode. That is wen you can find other to play with. I've been able to have one match after waiting for a good 15 mins. People just don't play this game. And for good reason. If you have to choose between this or titanfall 2 go with titanfall. Or anything els for that matter. I paid way to much for this game... it was free
Easy game, stupid, not intresting ......
Multiplayer is garbage .. worst i have played in a COD series yet.. the real money cash shop is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. multiplayer is the same thing only shinier and dumber. Get killed by some ungodly weapon in ways you cant understand.. The game caters to people that spend money over those that do not. Dont waste your time with this if your looking for a multiplayer game .. just dont.
stood in multiplayer to test it out. only 3 people in 10 min......
I'll start by saying that A: I got this game 50% off and B: I'm not a big multiplayer gamer.First off, the campaign is actually one of the best CoD campaigns, it's up there with MW2 and Black Ops 1. It's kind of like if Michael Bay wrote the expanse. It's fun. It's stupid in places, but fun. Like a Michael Bay film.That's fine. When I buy a hot dog, I know i'm buying a hot dog. It's not gourmet or fancy. It's a hot dog. That's like CoD games too. Black Ops was the exception there, really.Multiplayer: I know this is CoD's bag but... Honestly they'll never make a Multi as good as MW2 or Black Ops again. It's basic as hell. Don't bother.Zombies is zombies. David Hasslehoff is a plus.Technical: I set my settings maxed out, because I can. Game ran smoothly BUT I A: had to turn film grain right down, and B: had to turn off this strange camera lense setting. This caused unessesary blurring which I didn't like, for some reason the game was slow to load textures, so a lot of the time in game textures were super low rez, this could be a graphics card thing but... Only game I've ever seen give me a problem. On top of that, you actually have to enter the game and start playing in order to change graphics settings, or indeed any settings. WTF?!? No "Single player, multiplayer, zombies, Options" Oh no, that'd be too bloody useful. No, you have to enter the game, press escape and then change things. THEN it tells you that you need to restart. That's just stupid.Lastly, The mission on titan has a tendency of bugging out and forcing a restart of the entire level. Not acceptable.I really like the campaign, and would love to see a sequel but honestly, the devs behind this need to start taking risks, like maybe include the fighter combat in the multiplayer, or expand it into a more battlefield type setting.Either way, No way could I recommend this (or actually any COD game since MW3) at full price, and honestly, Even at 50% off I felt I paid too much for this. Campaign is great, it really is. But bugs and technical issues mar an already limited experience (only about 8-10 hours game there, maybe). Zombies is Zombies and Multi... It's the same old really.
Overall the game I thought was pretty decent. Entirely too many spaceship missions. The story was alright but nowhere near as gripping as the early games. As far as mutliplayer goes: The community is nonexistent, finding games is a nightmare, however, you'll find familiarity in the trash talking. Wouldn't bother with it, not worth it at all.
Very boring game to be honest taught it was going to be good but its completely crap i would rather black ops 3 over it
+The graphics are totally awesome.+The guns are well balanced (Mostly), EXTREMELY cool and very diverse.+The Si-Fi theme is very good looking, very very cool.-The gameplay sucks.-Nobody plays modes other than TDM.  Litterally no games on a saturday night.-The movment system sucks.-Low player count.  Like 980 people at peak low.
i hate this game. after 110 mins this game has become♥♥♥♥♥♥ i didnt read the reveiws whitch i should have as they are all correct. the game is bad because:♥♥♥♥♥♥gamepaly♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer-horrible zombies -crapy zombie easter eggs-crappy onlinei would write about the campane but i dont have the energy to play it. i dont want the whole game to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥bag so im gonna leave that. its up to you if you want to get it but im gonna pop of to steam help to refund it
NOT WORKINGPAID for and downloaded twice!! Still not working... What is going on ? Do I need to request refund?

I PAID 100 EUROS FOR THE PREORDER AND THEY DIDN'T EVEN GIVE ME THE GUARANTEED PREORDER EXCLUSIVE STUFF Seriously?Call of Duty 1 was better than this.I would have more fun with COD WAW than this.Crashes frequently.Won't even load the animations.Overpriced stuff.Rare Container gave me 2 rare stuff out of 6 stuff. Others were common. Just bad bad bad bad.
I think titanfall 2 is way better
a_s_s
Dude, come on! I've only been a fan of COD's campaigns with guys that are easy to kill, not their stinking hard-to-play multiplayer modes. And when we get to play it for free, all we're allowed to do is multiplayer.
ystgofyBAD
Played one match of MP and hated it. Dont buy this
I feel like there's some typos in the title.  I think they meant Call of Doody: Infinite â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥how.
This game runs like crap even if you have a gpu like a 1070 on medium is 50-60 frames crashes constantly and crappy pay to win multiplayer
Boring and feels stale. Really wanted to like it but felt like playing anything was better than this.
I got it for the free weekend, so I can only judge the multiplayer. Honestly, it was fun. Like a better version of Black Ops 3's multiplayer. However, the maps aren't great, and there are very few players. And for that alone, I can't recommend buying this game for the multiplayer. If you want a populated MP COD game, get Black Ops 2 or 3.
I BOUGHT THE GAME AND WHEN IT FINALLY FINISHED DOWLOADING AFTER A DAY IT TELLS ME I HAVE TO BUY IT AGAIN!!!I WANT MY MONEY BACK
Downloaded for Free Weekend, No one on Multiplayer, Singleplayer is restricted. Worst of all: CRASHES, CRASHES everywhere
Worst Game ever!!!
No.
It is a waste of time. Can I get a refund for the time I spent?
Thanks for the free weekend. Im glad that i did not buy this wanabe ''game''. It tried to be a game but it is far away. If you still did not buy that one wait until its 1€ and then buy it and put it to your collection.
this game has me downloading updates then installing updates , every time I start the game , this takes hours , I have finnaly had it , what a waste of my money and time , this is the last call of duty I will spend my money on , take this game and shove it up your♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
infinate warfare is surrounded by hate and for good reason. Activision has a history of screwing over its customers. And once again they let you know that you are just a wallet. Now i dont want to s**t on the actual people who clearly poured a lot of heart and soul into this. But its easy to see where Their effort met Activisions need for green. Lets start with the campaign. Infinate warfare is a large leap from the traditional CoD style. it revolves entirley around ship to ship combat in space. if you are a fan of Scifi and space warfare then this is a campaign you will love. Everythings incredibly well thought out and detailed. The ship interiors are marvelous and even the characters are nice. Planetary environments are really well done. The characters are a nice bunch that you actually enjoy interacting with. You can easily tell that this was where the heart and soul of the game resides. Where the creation team put their efforts. But like with all recent activation titles the single player is just a side project.In comes the horrible money grab Multiplayer. The largest aspect of every CoD since World at war. Here you can see how little activision cared, They made sure to make this the biggest let down yet. Every screen you see if pushing DLC content. Buy these coins ti get this weapon. Purchase these parts and skins with real cash. There is no playerbase to be seen here. IW has banned most of the legit players as reporting hackers seemingly has no effect. They didnt bother to actually put in dedicated servers or any kind of Anti Cheat. Its just here for the money. Zombies is no different. you get one map and the others are DLC like the weapons. Modern warfare remastered is the sameSingle player is exactly how you remember but HDMultiplayer is a wasteland of cashgrabs, lootcrates and DLC'sTL:DRSingle player is great if you are a sci fi fan, but its incredibly shortMultiplayer is dead, No dedicated servers and the few playing are just hackers duking it out.Modernwarfare reastered follows suit.I havent purchased a CoD or even an activsion game since MW3. Its actually sad to see how little the company cares about anything but money and goes to such legths to ♥♥♥♥ over the consumer.
game sucks
bought it only for mw remastered, and it's very bad optimized dislike for this until a patch that fixes lag and all bad things
crashed in my second game.. upon running again it was so laggy i couldnt see what was happening.great game.
just another money grab
No originality to it. Just take modern warfare and splice it with Titanfall 2 and you get this game. Make something original please.
Buy Titanfal 2 instead.
I haven't read any reviews, however I know they aren't great. My impressions from the short time played during a free weekend are as follows: "Infinite warfare is like if Ghost in the shell (a free to play indy game) ran smoother, looked worse, had horrible sound quality, was funded and developed by a huge company,  and was 80+ dollars"This is the single worst AAA title I've played in several years. I own almost every COD game up till now and I feel like I dodged a bullet here. I actually had some serious fun with the previous game, but this is absolutely horrible in comparison to even black ops 3 or advanced warfare. I feel like it wasn't even worth the bandwidth to download to play for free, as it was a 45GB download. This said I only played the multiplayer, but there is no way that anything else will be improved enough to even bother trying it. This game looks like a super dated game. I cant even comprehend how anyone could stand to play this.  If you want to play a futuristic sci-fi game go buy Titanfall 2, its insanely better.
Game does not work, it requires me to "purchase" the game. If you are going to give away a FREE game and then tell people they need to pay for it, then don't bother. 1 star.
i paid full pricei regret it immensely
while the concept is there, the future is no place for call of duty anymore. THe game feels slow, the guns arent accurate at all and for the brief time that i have played it...i have struggled to find a game and then 8 out of 10 times when i have finally found one, its full of hackers.waste of time and ill be getting a refund for sure.hopefully the WW2 installment will be better but for now this franchise is a lost cause.dont waste your money at all.
idk wtf is going on but i cant play the campain or zombies or MWR WHAT I ♥♥♥♥ING BOUGHT THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
do not players play to zombie modes
game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ get black ops 3 instead. same price for a much better game.
This game is the biggest joke I have ever seen. Black ops 3 is a better game if you want future tech movement and crap, I dont know how they took 2 steps back on this monumental failure of a game.
It's like titanfall 2. But more bullsht kills. And less momentum. And less weapon balance. And no titans. And slower gameplay. And filled with 5 year olds and toxic people. And with paid dlc.Seriously just go get titanfall 2 instead of buying this crap.
Disappointed the "Free weekend" didnt allow me to try single player, since thats all I really care about.
♥♥♥♥
The game is just really awful. Everytime you try to shoot someone in multiplayer the enemy just jumps and the game is just everywhere. The zombies is absolutely stupid, I don't know what they thought they were doing when they made the game but zombies is flat out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The game itself runs smooth and it plays well but the actual story and works of the game are stupid and too futuristic. So overall I'd rate this game 1/5 stars.
I would recommend BO3 over this if you are looking for a longer playing experience than the single player campaign. Both games seem roughly the same quality for me at least. This game started locked at 24 frames per second due to changing my refresh rate settings. Make sure to check the settings it sets for that.This one is missing quite a few features the past game has.I was not a huge fan of the zombie aesthetic in "Spaceland," but I've heard its decent overall for those who have gotten farther in it. Multiplayer felt more like AW then BO3 if I had to pick one over the past 2 years. I haven't had the chance to play the remaster of Modern Warfare.
In a 8 vs 8 theres multiple cheaters in the game. Both teams have blatant cheaters clearly walling hacking and aimbotting. The game has no anticheat at all. Other issues with this game include, Extremely small maps, Poor weapon selection, Clunky controls, Poor UI, unbalanced weapons, 2-3 second peakers advantage for sprinting, punished for taking cover/using tactics. This is just a small list of Major game breaking issues that completely ruin any chance of buying this game. I dont care about the future part, i think thats interesting, but when your maps can't even handle 4vs4 players because its to tiny, you're literally having major issues with your developement. Including the fact that you're using the same reload animations, same sounds, and same popup warnings, same everything, but changed little aspects of the UI such as the map, and ammo count to be mind numbing.
Downloaded for a chance to check the game out before I bought it.  Not so much.  I am only interested in the single player version and the reviews concerning the multiplayer feature futher solidifies that decision.  Thankfully, all they did was waste some of my time spent downloading this.  The game itself may be decent to play, but corporate and marketing interests are running this show.  Remastered still being held hostage.   I will keep my money.
When i tried going in Team Deathmatch, it kept crashing the game is soo glitchy and the gameplay is very bad. DO NOT BUY THIS HORRIBLE GAME!!
Downloaded the free version this weekend...Cant play any of the campain and the game crashed every. single. time. i changed a graphics option and also just when it felt like it. never did manage to join a game despite trying for maybe 15 mins. no one even plays the multiplayer lol what a joke this franchise has become.
It's a free weekend. I have a high-end machine. The game does not work. The screen goes black at startup. I tried restarting,  tried leaving the game on, with the black screen for 10 minutes, adding exception to firewall, turning firewall off, cleaning my registry... None of that worked. It's disappointing to spend hours of my limited weekend trying to make a video game work.
zombies is fun but multiplayer is uhhh...how can i say this without being mean.....TRASH
I have just tried playing the free multiplayer this weekend.  I went through and setup my classes and then went to play a game.  It loaded other players and then sat there says 'Match Started - Loading Map..." and then it would do nothing.  Then I would try again and the game would crash.  I thought it was a driver so I updated that with no change, I tried verifying the game files and no change.  The game would crash even just trying to exit or click around.  After spending the last 2 HOURS trying to this to work I never got to play at all. So I wasted my time and space downloading rubbish! I knew this game was not very good but I thought it would at least work!
Laughable
Okay, I have not played much of this game, but still, here is my review.This is very unique, unlike any other call of duty game, it takes place in the very far future involving weapons that have never been seen. The animation of people in this game is amazing, each game bringing better and better detail. This game also feels like a pay to win game, having tokens on sale and the season pass, which sucks because you already payed $60 for the game, and now they are asking you for more. Each game adds more DLC which then in result removes more and more features you get with the $60 pricetag. I would recommend this game to people who like graphics more than actual gameplay. I would NOT recommend this game to people who enjoy the gameplay and action of the first call of duty games and the black ops games.Thank you for reading this.Gameplay: 4/10 Graphics: 8/10Game itself: 3/10DO NOT BUY THE DLC OR EXTRA GAME TOKENS if you ever get this game. (My advice)
MP is pretty bad in my opinion. To me the only redeeming think about IW is the Zombies, which I can not get enough of. I personally think since IW did not sell well and because there are so few people who play it they should refund some of our moneys. I know this will never happen but I truly cant recommend buying this game unless really interested in the zombies.
1/10  lit memes
This Game is basically Black Ops 3 with awful animation and a different Skin. Unlike Black Ops 3 however this game has no dedicated Server Option, Mouse Acceleration that you can not turn off and ping bars instead of numbers. The Colours are basically 50 shades of gray. I think the only CoD Game with more Gray shades is MW3.Optimize wise I had no problems whatsoever on High settings.Do I recommend this Game?No.Why?Because it is 2017 and this Game looks like its made in 2015 and plays the same way. Call of Duty has been become stail over the years and adding content into pay to win crates does not make it better but rather worse.
As a huge fan of CoD Modern Warfare 2 and looking for a substitute game having richer playerbase, played this new creation for 39 minutes during free weekend. Sadly, couldn't stand anymore.+ Some appealing graphics and animations.+ Some nice lobby music.- The gameplay itself, not very tactical.- The future, robots?, crazy jumps...? Get off.Deleting, I don't want it if it were for free.
i tried this on free weekendi was thinking of buying this game, but heres the thing.nobody plays online.ive been stuck a lobby with the same dude atleast 10 timesthat wouldnt be so bad if he didnt hackif only more people played online, i would buy this.
>wait 2 hours to download 50 gigabytes of this>launch game, "loading shaders" for 10 minutes straight>spend 15 minutes in the setting menu>finally get to play, can't find a free-for-all game, go to team death-match>play for 2 minutes, quit and uninstallthe game is trash
campaign is by-the-numbers and characters are mostly flat with the exception of a few good lines.  This series is stale, and I want my 60 bucks back on this one.
The worst game in COD history, dont bother playing
The worst game in COD history, dont bother playing
Cacat!
The Free Weekend does not allow online play only custom matches but for me all I see is a dark screen and says "loading"not worth it even though I "played" the free weekend it's just a no when you I can't play a single matchAlso everything in free weekend is not working Zombies you must buy the full game, MP just does not work, Campaign locked must buy the gameI booted up the game 5 times just changing a graphic setting crashes the gameCall of Duty: Infinite Crash
Downloaded on the free weekend:-At first bootup it crashed-Second bootup, rig chosen, find match, players found, nothing happens-Presing escape, game crashed-Third bootup, safe mode on, different gamemode, players found, nothing happens, pressing escape, game crashes in the main menu-Fourth bootup same as the third one-Fifth bootup, trying to launch  game with bots, nothing happens, only loading, pressing escape, game crashed-Uninstall.Moral of the story: Do not press escape. Or buy this game. Whichever you prefer.(gtx 1060 6GB, i5 6600k, 16GB ram so the problem is probably not my rig)
Havent been a fan of CoD for awhile now but i thought WTH its free weekend why not give it a try.  Man, what a disappointment. Iv tried numerous times to join a game just to have it crash before the game loads up. Either that or I get booted from the lobby. Iv uninstalled and reinstalled just to have the same things happen. I wasted a few hours and played nothing lol, Ill take my money elsewhere
Had to restart the game 4 times to get it "working"Even after that, the audio kept cracklingAnd appon trying to join a multiplayer match, the map would take forever to load, then as soon as the match was supposed to start, it said something along the lines of "Dissconnected for Unknown Reason"3/10 graphics look nice on max
Don´t bother bad port and handfull community
They should just sell Modern Warfare Remastered separetly...The only decent thing in this game is Zombies and that\s not even good.
Nope
THIS game is awful, controls performance everything DONT BUY♥♥♥♥♥♥it is♥♥♥♥♥

Biggest piece of garbage ever! They say we can use the game for the weekend -> game does not load. congrats
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD    game
You know, I'd watched some of the marketing videos in the past - liked the cutscenes, and with a free weekend, figured why not give it a try?  Downloaded overnight, went to try it this morning, and found "Purchase Needed" - "You're not an owner of this content.  In order to play it, you must first purchase it from the Steam store."  What?  That's not free.  Thanks for wasting my time.  Doing a little more research shows that it's only free multiplayer, but this was nowhere to be found on the Steam store page!  Very disappointing.
So first off let me say that I play ALL and any fps, and this game is complete $hyt! I have never really been a fan of infinity ward, but this hauls all the crap, the game is to cartoony, lack of players and I can completely understand why, it's trash. Stay away guys, this is a RIPOFF! Stay with Treyarch, if you are going to play COD, simple as that.
You had one chance to impress me. To bring me back to the franchise.Yet your "free weekend" trial that consisted of purely multiplayer was a failure.I downloaded the full package, didn't touch any files.I have a fresh version of windows, every single driver up to date.My game crashed every time I tried to change a setting in video options.My game crashed every time I tried to join a friend.My game even crashed every time I tried to exit the game forcing me to use task manager.My nat type was strict despite using a DMZ.My friends couldn't join my party.I couldn't join my friends party.
I've played games in alpha with less bugs than this POS.
Hello, I've been a steam user for two years now. Yesterday night I was looking for a game to purchase on the steam store and I saw this game that catch my eye. Call of Duty Infinite Warfare, but I did not buy the regular base game, I bought the digital deluxe editon for the game. So I finished downloading the game I launched it. To be suprised with a error message saying that content needs to download. I left the game for about an hour and I relaunched the game. I saw the same error code again, I went to the games dlc and I saw some content not installed such as Multiplayer, Zombies, Campain. This means I can't play the game at all can I please have some support?
Play for free? Not really! Campaign mode not possible, only Multiplayer. Not Interested in Multiplayer (like me)? Don't bother do download 2+ GB ....
after free weekend i am glad i didn't buy this game
This game, can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥
Will not be buying the Season Pass for this game, COD will need to do something about the cheating in the game, just goes to show that the VAC system does not work in Steam!!!
What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thought i would try it for the free weekend and cannot join any MP matches, just says unable to connect with a secure connection. Menu system feels horrible. So glad i did not pay for this game.
pretty bad
THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥I NOT PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥IN GAME
I think its a fun game, however the pc community is so small its hard to find a match of tdm.
UpdaTe REqUires REsTaRt
The multiplayer in this game is not recommended. There are hackers in this game who get tons of kills in like one minute
Just to see the pc port, already hate it on ps4, well this is more crap than the console port: I doesn't work, at all. Black screen on the only allowed mode of the "full free week end game". It just doesn't want me to play it, so F it then.Trash.
got better gamplay putting my♥♥♥♥♥♥in a blender than playing this for 1000 hours
May as well try it on a free weekend, right?Only multiplayer is available to free players, no campaign or zombies.Crashes while preloading shaders.And, to top it off - nobody even plays this game.I don't know what I expected.
Bought this for Modern Warfare remasters since Activision knows they couldn't come up with a new cod worth buying so they squeezed every last dollar they could from people who wanted to play the remaster. Infinite warfare isn't even downloaded to my pc anymore. That's how terrible it is. I played through the campaign and played two rounds of the online to confirm what I already knew, it's boring starwars parkour bs that only weirdos and folks who have never had the pleasure of using real guns would enjoy. The infinite warfare campaign was boring and I could'nt wait to get through the garbage space age crap. The modern warfare remaster would be great if it wasn't so hard to find other players to get into a game. Also, they added crap to it that is nice but still no EO Tech or propper red dot like an aimpoint. Of course you can however make your rifle glow into a bunch of rainbow colors if you are a homosexual. I feel like everyone who bought this should be refunded. It's barely playable and the optimization is trash too. You'll be glad to get 60fps every few games or so while the rest of the time you'll be running at 23-42 fps even if you have a Nividia 1070 graphics card, I7 7700k, 16gb of ram etc. You'd be better off using your $80 for almost anything else.
crap
The game crashes everytime I try to join a game.  I am happy the free weekend saved me some money.
The game is insulting. Devs got too greedy long time ago. Dont know why i keep wasting money on this ♥♥♥♥. Guess im stupid. FOR THE RECORD: THE GAME IS NOT WORTH GETTING EVEN ON SALE.
So...What can I say about this game, I mean its okay I guess..I like graphics and futuristic stuff, but it's not original and it's nothing new in video games, so I will gonna say that this game is okay, but for single player and of course Zombies, but oh my lord, that multiplayer mode, :D, it's a complete joke, bad rip off from Black Ops 3, but thats kinda okay, the worst thing is cheaters, cheaters, almost, like, second to third match and booom there you have it.. One in game, minimum...I mean, don't get me wrong, Infinity Ward tried something, they created this game from engine built same for CoD Ghosts (I mean just look at the animations, lower textures, some sounds and icons in game), and the worst part is... THIS GAME SUFFERS FROM SAME SIMPTOMS AS GHOSTS on PC :D, input lag, mouse lag, FPS randomly drop, and oh my god, you will need a beast, because r9 290x can't hit 1080p - 60 fps on very low textures - complete joke of optimization...So, I can only recommend you to get Black Ops 3 it's a superb game, but this, it's a rip off of BO3, Ghosts, MW3, even it got a variety map pack from older CoDs...And yeap, I only recommend it for Single Player and Zombies, it's awesome only there - MP only with hardened bots...Also, purchase PS4 copy, its much better optimized then PCs.
Great single player but its short and not worth $60. Zombies is a nice added game mode for those that have others to the C0-Op mode with but gets boring fast if you play solo. The multiplayer is hit or miss depending on what time you play and your time zone. In my time zone even at peek hours, I find it hard to get matches.  1,880 Players online right now (of 400,000 owners)2,353 24h peak 15,417 all-time peak 6 months agoThe biggest problem with the game is DLC. Activision continues to divide the already small player base further by charging and then seperating those that pay for the DLC from those that do not. So if you want to play DLC maps, good luck because the lobies are empty.
Avoid this mess.
GG BAD GANME
SP good at first, then got repetitive. MP crashed the first time I tried it, and I felt no reason to ever try it again.If MP community is a toxic as other CoD titles, I'm just going to leave both this, and all future games in this questionable series, alone.
I'm speechless...
Ctrl C + Ctrl V
only downloaded the game cause its free for 2 days, only wanted to play the single player... Thought I'd jump in on the multiplayer and its still garbage.
THE GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING TRASH!
hey um developers good game exsept controls the controls are terible because you dont suport playstashion controlers i cant play the game without my hands hurting and whats good having a sore hand to play a game please add playstation controler suport and if not well its terible its about game play not graphics
Last update crash the game, don't work, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
free weekend wont save this game. RIP IW cant wait for WW2
wow, this is, uh
♥♥♥♥
Worst ever PC Port probablyI change one setting and i dont even need to confirm it and the game just freezesClick to close tab reopens it for some reasondont download even over the free weekenddissapointed with infinity wardAlso tears more than wrapping paper on Christmas day
Downloaded May 18. On May 19 with a "Play for free! Ends in 2 days" offer, the game will not start unless I purchase a copy from Steam, Really? If you can even play a "FREE" demo, what else can you expect from this game. No wonder it has so many negative reviews.
Downloaded May 18. On May 19 with a "Play for free! Ends in 2 days" offer, the game will not start unless I purchase a copy from Steam, Really? If you can even play a "FREE" demo, what else can you expect from this game. No wonder it has so many negative reviews.
Campaign is GoodMultiplayer is BadZombies is Meh---------------Buy Black Ops 3 Instead:1. 3ARC Care About Their Community2. Good Campaign (Better then AW)3. Nightmares & Dead Ops Arcade 24. Zombies is amazing (Will have DLC5 Next Month)5. Workshop
Show me♥♥♥♥♥♥worse then this its a challenge
I just don't know what to think about this game. The gun sounds are all pretty good but that's pretty much it. The maps on multiplayer are all flat and boring, linear and uninspiring. Nothing about the map design and layout makes you want to bother looking or exploring anything but minimap.  Balance issues up the♥♥♥♥♥with this one. I mean I love weapon variants. I like that you could get something random that looks cool but when the stats are blatantly overpowered where your one shotting enemies with an smg at sniper ranges there's a huge problem.  Hackers are everywhere. Every 3 matches or so there's someone using an aimbot program to play for them.  Probably the stupidest♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever seen was the endgame trophy pedistal thing where the top 3 players get to do animations and taunts. I mean it sounds dumb for me to hate on this stupid thing but this right here sums up what cod has turned into. Tryhard 9 year Olds that think their cool enough to dance and taunt and pretty much the annoying pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that their parent can't stand to be around. Metaphorically speaking anyway
piece of crap game period
44gb can't play single, mutilple and zombie. Gamer Obligatory buy it before playing.  best free weekend of the year
free weekend yay oh wait cant play zombies just normal pvp well thats♥♥♥♥♥♥so in a way its not a full free weekend then as only one game mode as it asks you to buy  the game to be able to play zombies they do no most people play zombies on this right wow what a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥well thats what it is without zombies
Titanfall 2 does it better, get it instead.
1
As much as I like the zombies mode, I would have to say that this game really isn't worth the $60 they're asking for it and the season pass isn't worth it either.          I could talk about how good the campaign is, but lets be perfectly honest here. Most people are buying Call of Duty games for the multiplayer and this one does not feel good at all. After coming from Black Ops 3 where the movement system, while not the most favorable, was extremely fluent and easy to use Infinite Warfare feels slow and sluggish. The movement system honestly feels like a cheap rip off. It feels extremely slow and clunky and is just not at all fun to play with.    Zombies is a fun game mode in this game. It reminds me alot of how Call of Duty:World at War was in terms of how meleeing works and what happens if the player gets too close to them. The perks and the pack-a-punch are all pretty much the same as Treyarch's but I am not going to fault them for that because of the old saying,"If it ain't broke don't fix it." That's not to say that they haven't tweeked certain perks to make them a little bit better. An example would be how Stamin-Up's counter part Rancin' Stripes does what Stamin-Up did but also acts as the Gung-Ho perk allow players to throw grenade, pick up items and shoot while sprinting. The power-ups are also the same as Treyarch how ever they have added in special backpacks that drop various items such as different grenade types. Everything has it's place and once you get use to everything the game mode really starts to become fun.     I saved the supply drops for last because unlike previous games it doesn't just impact the multiplayer side anymore. The biggest positive is free guns when they get added. In multiplayer you complete a special challenge and in zombies you simply pick it up. The supply drops biggest flaw is the fact that if a player has the ability to spend real money they will simply be able to progress through the prototype lab at a much faster rate than those who can't, which gives them an unfair edge in multiplayer. On the other side of this "coin" is the fact that zombies is a co-op game where players work together to achieve a goal whether it be high rounds or to complete the easter egg on any of the maps. If a player has damage increasing epic weapon then in the long run it helps the entire team because that player will be able to kill more zombies and take a bit of pressure off of their team mates.    At the end of the day what helps to kill the game is the multiplayer which doesn't feel right and the lack of replayability across the board. The only reason to buy is if you are a player like me who is a hardcore zombies person because chances are you will actually enjoy it.
♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥game . it has like 3 different tdm lobbys and everytime i was in one of those i lost connection to the host with the status ''burgundia''. this is a huge pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥game
Wow, Friday night at 9pm on a free to play weekend and I could not find one game! Not one, just kept putting me in a lobby with the same few people. Does it mean the game is bad? - The player count speaks for itself. Am I reviewing this game without yet even playing a round? Yes. Did I intend on buying it? No, not at all. Call of Duty, it once was a great title, now its a complete joke to nearly all gamers.PS. Release Modern Warfare Remaster as a standalone, I would buy that.
Call of Duty has hit rock bottom with this game dont waste your money.
BE AWARE, READ CAREFULLY PLEASE!I bought This Game but after 3 weeks of support request I DID NEVER RECEIVED a SOLUTION from both STEAM and ACTIVISION too!This product hang up at startup at the main center-screen logo and the same happen to all the product delivered with this product too.The product has been installed on a fresh pure installation of WINDOWS 10 PRO X64 v1703 Os build 15063.296 ENG:DELL 7710, XEON E3-1535M V5, 32G DDR4 EEC RAM,  2 X PCIe M.2  1 TB RAID 1, MPWS1T SSD, NVIDIA QUADRO M5000M DDR5 8G RAM, DISPLAY IGZO UHD (3.840x2.160), INTEL DUAL BAND WIFI 8260.CHECKED ALMOST 95% OF 3D GAME'S ENGINES ACTUALLY USED TO REALIZE GAMES AND THE ONLY ONE THAT IS NOT RUNNING IS IW FROM ACTIVISION.FROM MY POINT OF VIEW A TERRIBLE FLOP, MISSING REAL SUPPORT.I WAS REFOUNDED AFTER FIGHTING A LOT THANKS TO NO SUPPORT FROM BOTH STEAM AND ACTIVISION, BOTH RESPONSIBLE EQUALLY.PERSONALLY I WOULD SUGGEST YOU ALL TO BE AWARE FROM BUYING DIGITAL DELIVERED SOFTWARE BECAUSE A SHOP IS MORE EFFICIENT! IF SOMETHING DO NOT GO RIGHT THEN YOU GET MONEY BACK IMMEDIALTY, NO NEED TO REQUEST SUPPORT LOSING TIME.AND I AM A DEVELOPER TOO, AND I AM RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT I PRODUCE, WHY BOTH STEAM AND ACTIVISION DO NOT RESPECT MAIN COMMON SENSE RULES?TAKE CARE U ALL.
The game is not that bad I played it on free weekend and I liked the multiplayer.I am not able to play zombies and story but multiplayer is okay for me  I would buy it if there were more players playing this game.Only mistake activision made is the first reveal trailer.That was really bad. Trailer was looking like its 2010 game and camera shooting was terrible like 10 yo boy made the trailer.So when the game released game already has a bad start and they did not bring new stuff after bo3 jetpack/exosuit whatever you name it is the same with bo3 some of the maps reminds me combination of advanced warfare and bo3 maps.Maybe I liked the multiplayer because its almost the same with bo3.Note:I will change my review as I progress in the game 1 hour is not enough to judge a game with all this confusion.But for now I can recommend this game because I enjoyed it///As I talked with the community of BO3 and IW none of those players recommends the game. IW community liked the story but they are talking maps are limited and has the same design and you cant find match except Team deathmatch . Most of the player base recommends buying Black Ops 3 rather than IW. In my first hour ı played in different maps but after that point same maps started to come over and over and another thing I discovered is this game has No Dedicated Server.You are playing with P2P connection which causes some issues with hosting and makes game laggy(depends on host). As I said yea I enjoyed it but I no longer think this game worth $30 so I dont recommend you buying this game
I can't say much for the campaign, but those who are wanting to play multiplayer are going to be faced with limited options meaning you only get to play Team Deathmatch. Every other gamemode is completely empty. About half the time you spend playing TDM will be with the same people because not many players are even on TDM. In addition to the players on TDM, about half will be try-hards and it diminishes gameplay for new players.
Well Well Well Call Of Duty used to be a gaming juggernaut but lately Call Of Duty has been failing to capture audiences because of the old tired format and Infinite Warfare is no different. COD is pretty much dead at this point the last nail in the coffin was infinite warfare for me specially on pc. Pros:I’m sorry there aren’t any pros for this gameCons:Horrible gameplay Bad visuals Toxic communities(one of the worst)Now I Felt i needed to to a segment about the PC port of this game it’s absolutely unacceptable In 2016 that game game runs this horribly on PC the game won’t even launch half of the time and when it does no-one is playing this game anyway i’d rather play Grass simulator then this failure to the gaming industry.There is no way i would ever recommend this “game” to anyone if you want to play a futuristic call of duty play black ops 30/10 if i could give lower i would
Incase you thought people hiding in corners was annoying and avoidable by doing bot gamesYou only wish.
slow
Can't even play on free weekend......
I want to like this game...I tried this for a free weekend...But in the end, it's just a more boring Black Ops 3
this game was the worst thing i have ever played. even worse than playing a dora the explorer flash game on the internets. i may not have played long but it was the worst 0.4 hours of my life according to steam. this game is worse than the way kim jong un rules his country, and thats saying something
♥♥♥♥ cod i love big women
Singelplayer was very enjoyable.Multiplayer is trash.Not worth spending more than 20  on this i would say.
Disgusting
People flying around. Not a cod. Servers empty. Sell MWR standalone.
sh­it garbage
A review?  For a game I boycotted and didn't play?  Sure.  Why not.  I played most of the rest of them but this one just did nothing from me and knew the MP would be lousy on PC due to console focus and so many players going PS4 due to bad marketing deals.  I almost bought it anyway until I found out that the MW4 remake was an "extra" you had to pay a bunch more for.  Strike 2.  The campaign looked really silly too but would have likely played through all 4 hours of it anyway but nah.  I won't strike it for that though.  Third and final is that on PC where we have to deal with a fractured community anyway due to console focus, they decide to charge full price for the new maps.What would have changed my mind?  -Either free MP maps and no zombeh or $20 season pass that includes zombeh.  Hell they already have the microtransaction nonsense dialed to 11 here so why not?  -MW4 should be a pack in with all versions.-KILL WITH FIRE all the console exclusive nonsense-A new Gold version that includes all of the above for $29,99 released right now.
Bought the game on sale and waited for 2 hours to download. Started up the game, instant crash. Retried, started zombie co-op, crashed the second time after a click. Rebooted, started up the game again and tried to join the queue. Waited for 5 minutes and finally someone joins the game. Another 2 minutes another player joined. Clicked on loadout and guess what? Crashed. Started the game again and joined the same queue and guess what happens after 4 minutes of waiting? 4th player joins and we loaded. While loading a crash error pops up. Something must have went wrong and being unable to try the game I just bought I decided to try single player zombie. Watched the demo and throught it was pretty cool but after the demo it crashed. Restarted game and tried again and guess what!? I can't skip the demo and have to watch the demo again. After watching everything my screen did not load and it was black for 2 minutes. I gave up in waiting as I have already WAITED along time already. So I manually quit the game and issued a refund 3 minutes ago. Nothing is wrong with my PC as I can run battlefield 1 perfectly fine with ultra settings as well as other games that requires high specs. I do not want to do further test as the refund is limited to only 2 hours of gameplay. Struggling already caused 40 minutes of my time. In conclusion my time was wasted and I am very disappointed.
game has never worked lol ive never even played it.i continue to update the game why i dont know.now a new cod is on the cards lets hope that one works.
Nothing stands out about it. Campaign is ok. Multiplayer just plain bad. Zombies, an attempt was made.
this game is bad for the comunity KYSSSSSSI...... but i built a chronoaccelerator im sure i can do this
This game is really bad . Honestly i prefer playing pacman . Am playing cod for 7 years on console and tf is that game ?? Full of hackers and kids who playing only reavers in a f****ng corner . Fml . I sware man ... i wish i could take my money back . Why activision? Why VAC ? I got banned by modding in a private game and these kids hacking public . All i have to say is ....  Shame on you VAC shame on you ... cannot bit hack tools that even i can detect them without any specific programm . Gimme ma money back . Screw it , am gonna play gta
Still poorly optimized
Big dissapointment , online multiplayer sucks , nothing like the fun in BO3. Also the gui and menus arent easy to navigate through . Havent tried story mode yet but will post a update when i do.
No lobbies, and not worth $60.
You're gonna love this game if you are a super die hard fan of bad rats.
Multiplayer Mode:I hadn't played a CoD game seriously since CoD4, so I was super excited for this entry and wanted to get back into the franchise a bit, BUT the multiplay here sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥They split up the PC multiplayer market. People who bought the game on the microsoft store ARE NOT ON THE SAME SERVERS as people who buy it here on steam (they do not play together). That means the population was cut in half before the game was even released. Not only that, but the game did not sell well, and there are only like 5000 or fewer players on at any given time. I have sat in the queue waiting for a game for over 10 minutes.Even when you find a game, they use peer-to-peer connections, and I personally felt like every single game was laggy. And NOTHING pisses you off more than turning around a corner only to die to an enemy that has a super weapon active (because they got a killstreak on your buddy). Yes previous games like CoD4 had killstreaks, but I found these streaks way more annoying for multiple reasons.Zombie Mode:As for the zombie mode... It sucks too UNLESS you are playing with friends. People will often leave the match leaving you helpless because your team is down a person. Leavers is VERY common, because the map is very complex, and experienced players immediately leave when they realize they have been pair with noobs to the zombie mode. BEFORE YOU PLAY ZOMBIE MODE YOU NEED TO WATCH YOUTUBE TUTORIALS!!! You will never figure out the map without someone showing you the ropes. There is no tutorial.All that is sad... because once you get your bearings the mode is pretty good... but holy ♥♥♥♥ the conditions must be perfect in order to enjoy the mode. (1. must get matched with people who won't leave 2. must get matched with people who know the map/strategies 3. a single game is extremely long 30+ minutes 4. hope the game doesn't ♥♥♥♥ you over by spawning hundreds of zombies right next to you)Single Player Mode:This is pretty good actually. If you buy this game, buy it with the intention of primarily playing single player.
Since Ghosts the developers really don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about the pc version, my pc should run it with at least 50 to 70 fps, well ♥♥♥♥ me, 15 to 30 fps, the Zombies is fun tho, i put 6 and a half hours into it, but now it just crashes
Wish there was an solo mode against bots for those of us who are disabled and can't play at the level of most people and still be able to rank up and earn things like everyone else
CANT review it. CANT EVEN play it to do so. IT FREAZES IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING MENU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FIX THIS S**T I PAID YOU F**KING ACTIVISION!!!!!!!!!!!!
shiityy wasting money
Cant even play the game now, its just says game loading while never actualy loading + the game crashes every time i change settings.
Meh
Just all around didn't like it, from the bugs to the actual game. I tried to like it, I tried to play it, I failed. It's not that this is a terrible game, it just has WAY too much going on, and feels very repetitive. Got it on Day 1, played more of the single player than I did the actual game. If you're a fan of the series I could see you liking it, but me, meh, not a CoD guy.
aids
It could've been at least decent, but there are too many bugs, bad optimization and no players.Don't get it, not even if you have sparemoney.
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed up game
No one plays
Its ok if you get it for like 15 bucks or lower but anymore and its a waste the zombies is fun and the campain is ok but the multiplayer isâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
(My review based on Multiplayer and Zombies in Spaceland)I played this game more to spend time with my friend. However, if it wasn't for my friend, I would not have bought this game even though I did during a sale.While graphics is pretty decent for a game this generation, the problem with this game is the huge learning curve you need to go through if you are new to the Call of Duty franchise and the Pay to Win system. There are lots of things till this day of my 90+ hours, I still do not master.For a game this expensive and to also still ask for more money for extra DLCs or Season Pass is largely ridiculous and also to follow with a Pay to Win system, in which some people will pay more money to get unfair advantages like Paying to Cheat to a game company so you can cheat without getting banned.With the enormous learning curve you have to learn, not to mention a poor cheat testing system (I seen real hacks very commonly), it is extremely difficult to even know whether you are playing with a legit cheater, because all you need is one to carry the entire team when he uses killstreak support which gets extremely annoying.If you are a gamer who can tolerate such advantages (in personally which I think is a small margin), then you can further train your mind to be tougher with this game as this is another of those "try not to swear" games, only that it isn't simple or truly unfair like you see being played by YouTube Gamer celebrities.Other than the cool Sci-Fi addition to this version of CoD, there is not much of a difference to modern themed CoD games such as Black Ops and Modern Warfare. So you are paying again for an almost identical game, only different graphics, sounds and maps. Even if this game goes on a sale, I would not recommend people to pay for this game. Once my friend quits this game, I am out too. This game will have a higher chance of creating rage like CS:GO or even Flappy Bird. To couple with it, is the amount of money to spend to "win". I would consider this game a disgrace to the Call of Duty franchise.
Playing this game is like watching one of those banal Hollywood SF movies; made with♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of money hence sound & visiaul are both great, but story is so predictable that it makes you pity the poor souls who were had to write the scenario.Really not worth the price. If you feel like spend some money for no particular reason, here is my recommendation;
For my whole life, I've made only 2 big mistakes: 1. Washed my genitals with menthol shampoo 2. Bought CoD: IW
Terrible Game, Waste of Money.
I like the Zombies mode and the story, but the multiplayer sucks enough to only give it a thumbs down. I liked the classic gunning of the Modern Warfare series for multiplayer. But that is just me.
Great single player campaign but would not buy. I don't play cod multiplayer Pro's: Great graphics, enjoyable campaign.Con's: No SLI support, suffer with audio corruption and cutscene lag ( I have tried all the fixes i've seen with no joy.) Side missions in campaign get a bit repetitive.I can't recommend this game until they sort out the audio cutscene bug and put in SLI support (doubt they will fix either)
THESE MAPS,UPGRADES IS COSTING AN ARM AND A LEG,JUST FOR THIS GAME ALONE  INCLUDING UPGRADES THATS  $130!! WTF IS UP WITH THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T?! THATS WHATS TURNING ME OFF!! THE DEVELOPERS SUCK CHARGING UP THE♥♥♥♥♥FOR THIS CRAP! UpGRADES AND ALL!!
sucks
Dislike
£80 purchase is the only way to get cod 4 remastered...
The most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer of all the cod's!!!this game is trash! one oif the baddest games i ever bought in my entire life!how the makers of this game can't think in 3 year devoliping that this is the baddest idea ever for a cod? just wtf
A lot of really talented people have wasted a great deal of time creating this shiny pile of garbage, don't get me wrong the graphics are nice and the game runs like a charm I'm not complaining about that, the artists did a good job and it's very well optimised!The story however is just garbage, the bad guys are just that, bad guys. With no depth to them whatsoever, just boring evil people who want to destroy you because you exist, they make this painstakingly obvious too because within the first hour of the game I heard the line "Oh no they are killing civilians!" at least 7 times, a few hours into the campaign I found myself staring at the screen with a blank expression on my face not sure if I even wanted to finish it, the story completely fails to draw you in.The two main companions Salter and Ethan (Also known as sarcasmbot) might as well be the only good thing the story has to offer, Salter because she is a good non-sexualised female companion that actually didn't get on my nerves and Ethan because he likes to crack jokes where every other character just gives you a non stop barrage of dumb military talk (We are Oscar Mike! Yeah ♥♥♥♥ you too buddy!)Everything and I mean EVERYTHING is scripted, stand still for 3 seconds? Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is gonna start nagging you repeating the same line over and over untill you go do your objective! If the game sais you have to sneak it all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥when you don't, or the prisoner chase scene that completely breaks when you ignore the enemies and actually chase the guy, I found myself punching him in his invincible face as he refused to follow his path forcing me to load the previous checkpoint.The guns are just sad, they took guns from the previous games and slapped some futuristic garbage on them, Vector with an extra mag? Check! M4 with a slightly different look? Check! How about an Ak47 or a Glock with a battery? Check! Check! Check! Not too creative folks...Here's hoping they wont ♥♥♥♥ up Cod WW2 but after this ♥♥♥♥♥tain of a game I'm not getting my hopes up, 15 bucks well wasted!
I would reccommend this game if the movement and the guns were balanced. You shouldnt waste your hard earned money on this type of game, and I think Infinity Ward could have done better with this disaster. 0/10 NO BALANCE TO THE GAME!
Literaly aids
The campaign was fun, but c'mon, you really play this game to ace the campaign?Multiplayer is craptastic. Terrible connections and this game is not optimized well at all for online play. Save yourself the cash and go play something that won't waste your time and your money.
Worst Call Of Duty ever made. I hated Ghosts, but this is unbeatable...
Fantastic graphics with some good actors. It's a pity that it's still a crap port and the story is small.Much like other CoD games, the real game here is the multiplayer.Zombies is... zombies...
Thought this game could be good, wrong.It is the mostâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥I ever saw.It is faster then gameplay then other cods. Because it got tiny d i c k maps.It is unclear to see what you changed on your weapon.3/10 points menu overlay7/10 points on content0/10 points in unique. It isn't....Crap...
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥iest servers i have ever played on, i have to restart my game like 6 times before i can even play and after about 3 matches have to restart it again because it wont connect, i have no other problems like this from any of my games, fix it
This game is trash runs terrible no ones on and i hope this becomes available for a refund even after 2 hours or 14 days
):
Whats the deal with putting so many "air" combat parts ? I get the feeling i'm playing F 16 simulator and not FPS game. You put me in a spaceship and i have no idea what i'm supposed to do. If i wanted a flight simulator i would have downloaded one.
If you are fans of COD and looking for good campaign. Just get it and enjoy playing. But with this high price , It's absolutely not worth your money.Apparently the MP is disappointing and boring ( as everyone know for every COD from the past ). However its campaign was awesome and intense , also reminded me of the classic COD like MW4.
Bad game. To much hi-tech, and way to much movement.
Absoloute crap i cant even get a refund
Why did I waste my money..........
FULL OF CHEATERS, WALLHACKER, MACRO USERS NO RECOIL GUNS , INSTA DEATHS (HACKS) , PLAYERS JUMP AND RUN LIKE MONKEYS, Steam and activition do nothing about it and thinking only how to suck up our moneys (59,99€)!
First time i got this i had to get my money back, its just.... no... Got me stuck and i couldnt even get into the main menu. :( I was looking forward to it
So this is how call of duty dies, with fremium RPG pay-to-win loot systems and unlock driven multi-player. A cold, old, collage-built plot that they had to try to wrap a rehash of one of the most beloved call of duty games into just to make people forgive them. Even that was corrupted by new and OP weapons you had to buy. Pay to win, broken promises, dead characters, little to no weapon variation, etc. etc.Bad, no good, very dumb game.
wtf is this i was so happy when they announced the remaster of modernwarfare but when i went to buy it i had to buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ space shooter game
AIDS BOYYYYY
dogpoo
2hrs gameplay and 6hrs of cutcenes.
ÙˆÙˆ
this game is â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ modern warfare remastered is so much better thats why i bought this game in the first place
Wanted to kill myself but thank God for refunds
This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Campain suck asf and multiplayer is just unplayable, I mean, the zombie's pretty good though but not worth 80$ at all to play a good zombie game.
gameplay is good but its to much in future
Super buggy, won't even let me connect to an online match after update. Game crashes after I join a lobby.
This game is hideous.Not a fan of multiplayer COD and I'm sure not many people play COD for the story but i nabbed this during a steam sale and i thought the story looked interesting enough to warrant the money. It was not!Cons:-Biggest annoyance is that while the actual gameplay runs fine on maxed out settings on a GTX 1080 with an i7. If a cut scene lasts longer than a few seconds it turns all weird and gittery which knocks the audio of sync and renders any tangible story (which there isnt much of) completely useless-Story is crap, whether its a mix of how quick the actual campaign is (couple of hours at best) and how poor the performance is on the cut scenes I dont know, at the end I had no idea what was going on. I have no idea what the factions are, i think some are from mars maybe im not sure.-Characters other than Ethan (Genuinely liked this character) and the baddy (dont know his name because of see above) are boring. In my eyes, theres 2 ways you can care about a companion. Either through investing time with the same characters or by knowing there back story. You get neither here with any characters and there for when they get killed all you feel is "oh that guy died, huh"- Why must i open every freakin door!!! Seriously this happens all the time on every mission every doorway every action literally everything, the NPC's just stand there like noodles. Completely unaware as to the concept of a door. I understand that it can be a good way to have NPC's stack up on a door and to wait till the players ready before continuing but I'm sure other games have some kind of proximity trigger (If I ran close to the door they breach or just open the f*****g thing)- AI is about as useful as a liqurice tampon. Friendly AI (other than having no concept of doors) are clueless. I've seen more artificial intelligence from a smashed in Haddock. Enemy AI just shoot the player unless a friendly is so close to them they could be arrested for sexual harrassment. Theres a moment in the game where a whorde of baddy robots come at ya, and your with about 10 friendlies, like a true man I stood way at the back to protect my manliness and all enemies just made a B Line for me ignoring all the other friendlies in front.-Space missions feel like they've been made for 5 year olds. The idea of holding the right mouse button and it will automatically follow and aim for you is similar to driving on a parents lap. Yes your sat in the drivers seat but your not exactly driving. Now some Pro'sPros-It ended....... badly..........they need to learn that just because George R R Martin kills of characters and has good story it doesnt mean that killing of characters makes great story.Fingers crossed for the WW2 COD hopefully they go back to their roots for it. COD2 had only 3 missions / mini campaigns in each bit Russians, British & Americans but i felt much more attached to the characters than this piece of turd
This is purely a single player review. I also did not have any mentionable issues with the game. It ran well. Solid 60fps at 3440x1440. Also, I have not played COD games since COD 2.At first the game seems pretty good and I bought this because I like scifi. You get to visit many different locations, game looks and sounds nice and plays well. Things happen quickly and story moves on fast. Also, at first, the space missions seem really nice and the game even opens up a little when you get past the beginning . You get some side missions and get to move around space with your space craft and just on your space suit. You are also introduced a couple of characters who seem pretty solid. Especially Ethan, your mechanical soldier buddy. Things start to wrinkle when you seem to notice that you are not entirely sure why excatly you are figthing. Sure, you have to defend your freedom, but why? Why the enemy hates it so much? It's never explained in any way. They just seem to hate our freedom and nothing else. It would make more sense if the colonies would want independence or something, but no. Kit Harington is COMPLETELY wasted in his role as Salen Koth. He (the character, not the actor) has no charisma or ideology that would make any sense. He even shoots one of his dudes to drive a point how much he hates freedom, kindness, forgiveness etc. But why exactly? Who knows. Most other characters are pretty one dimensional too, and they don't much evoke emotion even when they heroically sacrifice themselves one by one.Then you notice that the space missions are all exactly the same. Destroy fighters, destroy corvettes and destroy destroyers. Nothing else, ever. Also the space fighter handles exactly the same on atmosphere and in space. All the other missions are also very repetitive and the game does not seem to want to mix things up in any way. Just play it safe.The game is pretty and seems to have a nice scifi thing going on, but ultimately falls flat and has not much going for it.
♥♥♥♥ing hackers walling and aimboting ♥♥♥♥ this game i dont recomend it its a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
I bought it.... and it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work.I mean it worked, but it doesnt work.The game doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work£60 of my hard earned bastard cash and these lard♥♥♥♥♥♥sweatboxs give me a game that doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work.Did I mention the game doesn't work , cause it doesntAnd I spent £60 on it. For it not to workI paid for a working game and instead got a game that doesn't work.Picture it like going to the chip shop for a fish a chips with curry sauce and a can of rubicon mango, and instead of being given your food you are instead rewarded with a steaming pile of turd in a styrofoam plate and a slap around the mouth. You are then looked at by the 6ft tall greasy fat man behind the counter with a moustache one can only describe as a ferret and expected then to eat the big steamy Log.1/10 Dunt work.
WHAT A PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥HOW CAN THEY CONTINUE TAKE MY MONEY AND NOT REPAY IT, I PAID £40 FOR THIS AND FOR WHAT? IT NOT TO ♥♥♥♥ING WORK AND STEAM TO REFUSE ME A REFUND YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF THAT MONEY WAS TO BUY MY GRANDMOTHERS MEDICINE AND NOW SHES DEAD.
possibly the worst game that any AAA company has curled out of its rotting♥♥♥♥♥♥The optimization is horrendous, SLI flat out doesnt work and it stutters more than a parkinsons sufferer.We are in 2017 and these morons STILL use P2P connection and have a stupid low tickrate, giving the game the bare minimum that is required to qualify as hit detection.Weapon balance just simply doesnt exist at all.I will admit the campaign is rather good though.But that isnt enough to save this game.
to how it my concernce i got this game yeasterday when i get done with the frist cut sren in the campain it stops working steam i would like my money back or fix the problum
My Favorite thing about it was the uninstall button!What Is You're Favorite Part About This Game?
Laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaag, today. Game is barely breathing and not worth Legacy, $60 or half; purchased physical copy for $20 on eBay, WOW. Make season pass half price or FREE on pc to compensate for the separation of dlc and non-dlc holders! Overall, honestly enjoying multiplayer and zombies. Campaign experience and opinion pending review.
This game is pure garbage, the only thing thats good with this game is the campaign, i cant even play multiplayer or zombies, it never loads, and i can join a match with my friend but it always says"loading match" and i wait for one hour, and nothing happens, the background is always black and it keeps on glitching and crashing and freezing, it used to be workin fine when it first came out but this game has become nothing but garbage now, just a joke on steam by now, g ♥♥♥♥ing g
Always crashes and always has issues when you are your friends are trying to play a game or zombies or mulitplayer the host will go in but the others wont join. good job Infinity Ward. good ♥♥♥♥ing job. Black ops 3 was more sucessful then this garbage
I couldn't even load the first level. This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ And it is definitely not a problem caused by my computer.
Multiplayer is broken, has been broken, and when it works it only  barely works.  Each new download seems to make things worse.  Go buy TitanFall 2 instead.
MWR: Worst CoD game I have ever played.  It has constant FPS drops and connection issues.  The overall performance is absolute garbage.  And no, it's not my pc. I have a 1070, 16gb of ram, and a 4790k.  If I can play BF1 at 90+FPS maxed out at 21:9 resolution, there should be no issue with running a 16-player, 7-year-old CoD game with a glorified ReShade filter.IW: Okay campaign, mp is fine, automatically a thumbs down though for supply drops.  And as for the jump packs/future garbage: Titanfall and Halo do it better so stop.  Stick with modern and historical settings.  That's where it shined.  Hopefully WWII will be good.  -PS- I (and hopefully many others) will never spend a dime on your supply drops.
120 bucks for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT BUY IT
I payed $9 for this game it sucked so bad worst COD ever
This game wasa absolutely horrible, literally get whiplash trying to swipe to someone who exo-jumps across my screen in a split second
the game takes to long to load. one loading time took me a full hour.
the game takes to long to load. one loading time took me a full hour.
multiplayer is dead WTRF
People take the multiplayer way too seriously. I'm just trying to have some fun here. Calm the ♥♥♥♥ down!
1.boring, generic campaign. nothing remarkable, just explosions left and right.ethan is the only noteworthy character, but only because he's a robot.2.ADHD multiplayer, 'nuff said.the only two good things about this game are:- some technological fixes, like audio input devices not being tied to the ingame microphone volume (except for the microphone itself)- music. pretty well done melodies.
Unless you got this gaem at launch, you will be massacared in MP. The zombies wants to be as good as Treyarch's, which it never will. The campaign is, decent at best. Don't buy this expecting to sink 100s of hours into it, because you'll get fed up before the 50 hour mark.
I knew something was up at Infinity Ward because they must've known that anything that has space in it gives me an overwhelming erection that lasts longer than 7 hours and I am prone to cumming very fast whenever I see anything space-related.
boring jet packs futuristic
MP=BADCampaign = OKZombies = above average but still enjoyable
Call of Duty is dead. Never buy this for the full price.Got this cheap from a friend to have fun with him in private mach only.
Awful port again, crashes all the time, stutters a lot and has 2013 graphics yet chews through PC resources like it's nothing.Campaign sucked, Zombies was alright and Multiplayer was somewhat fun, fairly balanced too but not perfect. I'd say it's worth playing if it had players and actually ran on PC
ok, look i love cod i really do its always been a simplistic shooter with awesome scenery and fantastic action and feels filled  storys and i loved the story in this game personally.But the multiplayer the thing the keeps us here is trash, a good majority of the games ive been in had blatent hackers the kind you can see it in the kill cam and the enemy team agrees with you. People are soaring and power sliding all over the damn place like its a platformer it lost all the simplicity and bad assery that was cod and became a Z tier piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Never buy a game with the name Call of Duty on it. NEVER. AGAIN.
Terrible game, Just wait for CoD WWII To come out.
Thank goodness refunds exist
♥♥♥♥♥dupa kamieni kupa
Campaign is good. Everything else.... Don't buy it
IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ there are no multiplayer lobby. waste of money
i'm glad i'm not the one who payed for the game
I got this game for chtistmas and I keep dropping out of every game I join. Its hard to be able to say in the game for more then 10 seconds. And Ive been uninstalling and reinstalling the game and I keep dropping connection.
They killed off the best character
THE GAME IS ABSOLUTE GRABAGE! This was made by a bunch of money hungry developers, or publishers and it shows that the new motto of the gaming industry is "Max profit, less effort". The game is broken beyond belief. It fails misrebly at trying to copy the TitanFall formula. But guess what, in the immortal words of the AVGN IT SUCKS MONKEY ♥♥♥♥! Your character feels heavy, clunky and all around NOT pleasant to play as. BTW he's SLOOOOOOW. My god he's a glass tank with none of the damage. This plus the tiny maps make the exosuits USELESS. So the entire NEW FEATUREs of the game are completely SHOT IN THE♥♥♥♥♥ More like it was eaten by a cow, got burned from the stomach acid but survived and got♥♥♥♥♥♥out, but then it drowned in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that came with it. Everyting else? Like any other CoD game. People camping, playing with OP weapons, salty kids, it's all here. Crappy ♥♥♥♥ing game design if you ask me. PS: WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ CAN YOU USE A SNIPER ON SUCH A SMALL MAP
Worst call of duty ever don't buy this game. Waste of money only zombie mode is quite fun but not worth the money.Call of duty Black Ops 3 is older but has better graphics and way better single player
Dont buy
I had Very high hopes for this game, and what does it do? it just adds more DLC pay to win weapons, Modern Warfare Remastered WITH Infinite Warfare, and the jetpacks again, infinity ward is just killing call of duty, this game is just horrible, i used to play it a lot, but now its just a game ill play if i have nothing else better to do. and i paid for the 100 dollar version...
Nope
Just here to add to the negative reviews
This is the worst game ever!!!, DONT EVEN TAKE IT FOR FREE, BUY THE MODERN WARFARE REMASTERED ONLY, DONT SPEND ANY MONEY ON INFINITE WARFARE
This game sucks
*Yes, only if you are an INSANE supporter of the franchise and want to own every game*No, for everyone else*Have played and reviewed all Call of Duty games since COD 4+ Great controls+ Multiple modes+ Decent zombies mode+ Runs well on modern hardware+Customizability- Can only really play TDM for multiplayer- Will have to wait a few minutes to find a zombies match on a few maps- No co-op campaign- Expensive DLC- Rarely goes on sale- The occasional hacker- One of the worst implementations of advanced movement- Copied Treyarch zombies- Pay to win- Microtransactions- Limited options- Gunplay feels awkward and unlike every other COD- Gets boring incredibly quickly- Poor graphics-Dead playerbase( ✔ ) Beginner( ✔ ) Experienced( ✔ ) Competitive( _ ) Adjustable in mid game( _ ) Set higher difficult to increase reward( _ ) Failure still able to gain something( ✔ ) Login reward( ✔ ) Multiplayer( ✔ ) Leaderboards( ✔ ) Matchmaking( _ ) Active player base ( _ ) Transfer items between different gamemodes ( _ ) Co-op( _ ) Mod support (Steam workshop) ( ✔ ) Valve-Anti-Cheat System( ✔ ) Microtransactions (Pay to Win)( ✔ ) Invite through steam( _ ) Steam badges (trading cards)( ✔ ) Campaign( _ ) Chapter selection( _ ) Personal best time( _ ) Decisions cause different consequence( _ ) Alternate ending ( ✔ ) Special reward in the end ( _ ) Split screen / Local co-op( ✔ ) Mini games( _ ) Level customization / Level editor( ✔ ) Unlocked FPS( ✔ ) Unlocked FOV( ✔ ) Many graphics options( ✔ ) Smooth gameplay( ✔ ) Character selection( _ ) Head customization( _ ) Body customization ( ✔ ) In-game shopping( ✔ ) Many challenges( ✔ ) Many achievements( ✔ ) Many things to Unlock( _ ) Unlockable official cheats mode( ✔ ) Exploration surprise / Easter egg ( ✔ ) Collectible items ( ✔ ) Side quest ( _ ) Random loots generated( _ ) Photo mode( _ ) Progress statistic ( _ ) Console commands( ✔ ) Multiple gamemodes*Campaign: 6-10 hours*Multiplayer: Unlimited*Zombies: Unlimited( _ ) Yes, buy it at full price.( _ ) Yes, but wait for a sale.( ✔ ) No, it's not worth it, even with a sale.( _ ) No, because it's an incomplete product or is unsupported.( _ ) Yes, buy the game and the DLC.( ✔ ) No, the DLC is not worth it.*Lowest Discounted Price: $19.79 *Game File Size: 70.0 GB
I REALLY want to play this game, and try every single thing!I can't though, because there is almost no people playing.The only modes I can join are TDM, FFA and sometimes CTF - normal and hardcore.I pre-ordered the biggest pack, which includes the season pass (and all the new maps that come with it), but I haven't even tried the new maps yet, because no one is playing them, hence I can't queue for any games in them!So yeah, I learned my lesson this time. Thought I did with CoD AW, but no - this time I sure did though.
This is my second review:Is the game bad?: NOIS THE thing futuristic bad?:NOWhat is bad then?Ans: Developers.How the fak they put a unfinished crappy alpha stage game on steam? Are not they belongs from worlds one of the most AAA game dev company?People like you and me still blindly going to buy this buggy game and developers doesnt listening to its players. Wow fantastic! Steam showing i played 2 hours. That is the time i tried to find a single multiplayer match(tdm, domination) and ended up with nothing even if iw has more players than bo2 according to steam but for the crappy match making multiplayer system we r unable to find a single match thats why gamers giving negative review. Its been 4+ months but still the crappy match making system existing.its seems like they are running the game on free server.just don't waste ur money.
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit
bad
0 player base
this sux, ima buy cod:WW2 when it comes out in hopes that it will be like world at war
there are never enough people online to even play a game of team deathmatch... the only lobby list that says it has players in it. but still never enough people online to actually get a game to start.  this years call of duty PC community was so split up between steam and windows store... and then remastered vs infinite warfare itself. at first I thought it was just dead because late night there isnt enough people. but even when I try to play at 8pm pacific (prime time)  there is not enough people for a game lobby to start. sit in queue with like 1 or 2 people for 30 minutes and talked about how they havent seen a game actually start in days.
Absolutely the worst waste of money.  I feel cheated in buying this game
Got this for free and am still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can not believe how bad CoD has gotten. I prob won't buy another one unless its the older ones.
This game overall is a huge improvement on the previous iterations in every way since Modern Warfare but for some reason no matter what time of the day, any day, it is impossible to connect to 'online services' meaning my game is null and void.  First CoD i actually shelled out on for the full price with season pass so i could play zombies.  Won't do that again.  Don't reccomend you do either.Stop trying to make money, start trying to make a good game.
Bought this game because I was a fan of call of duty, Decided to play this one and really didnt like it at all. Was the worst Call Of Duty game/experience Ive ever touched and should have never Existed.4/10 For Me Campaign Was Only Good Thing. Would not recommend to anyone thinking of buying this Abomination.
Call of Money: Out of Ideas
who ever buys this is metally challenged
infinite ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
dont get it its impossebal and you can only exo boost
hahahaha no
great game on the console but gets crappy on the pc. i join a match and get kicked within 2 min. of the match beginning and the more players the more lag you have to deal with... gets really frustrating and really annoying. you also might have to deal with having to change your gamers name if its to long...all in all 5 out of 5 on the consolesbut 2 to 3 out of 5 on the pc...if they'd fix the lag and figured out why it keeps kicking people out i might consider giving it more stars
I used to like this game, but as time passed, I realized a critical error in this game.The Campaign is too good. That's a bad thing.The Campaign is by far one of the best campaigns in a CoD game. The gameplay is fun and fresh, and the story and its characters are very memorable. However, it is quite apparent that almost all of the effort went into the campaign for this game. Since most people don't quite care for a CoD game's campaign as much as its PvP and PvE multiplayer modes, this was a poor decision on Infiinty Ward's part.Multiplayer is a jankier, less balanced version of Black Ops III's MP. It is obvious that little effort went into making it, because it has changed nothing at all from the previous game's formula. CoD games have been notorious for changing only a little from the previous entry, but never before this game has a CoD entry changed absolutely nothing in the MP. It is fun, sure, but so are so many other games with much more unique qualities about them.The Zombies mode is fun. That's easy enough, because the reason that it is fun is that, just like with MP, it is a jankier, less balanced version of Black Ops III's zombies mode. Everything else I said about MP pretty much applies here, too. Sad.Out of ten, I'd give this game somewhere around 3 or 4. I definitely had fun playing the campaign, but I cannot encourage the developers to continue making CoD games like this. I really appreciate the developers' attention to making an amazing campaign, but let's all be honest, that's not why we're buying Call of Duty.
I have played and loved every last Call of Duty game there is in existence. This one is as generic and meh as it gets. lol. All right, it's not "horrible", just meh. There are several frustrating things that makes me think that the developers are legitamately out to screw with people. For one, you cannot access game options at the main menu or in a lobby... So when my resolution was screwed up for some reason I couldn't find the option because I had to go through a bunch of crap. That is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing I have ever encountered. Controls, placements, etc. at the multiplayer screen while in lobby is gd awful. The entire UI of the entire game is just awkward af and is, in my opinion, illogical.Campaign: The campaign was the most meh thing I have ever played. So much so that after the first few missions I stopped and went straight to multiplayer. There are really very few COD campaigns that have ever pulled me in. It's just not a franchise that makes you interested in the characters. I LOVED BO3 campaign - they kept it interesting. I LOVE BO1 campaign - same thing. BO2 campaign was more like an experiment to test the waters for the new style. Advanced Warfare campaign was cool with how they  MW3 campaign was good. MW2 campaign was decent. etc...Multiplayer: Multiplayer is not full of complete bullcrap. Bullet damage is okay for the most part. It gets annoying when you hear "enemy has a UAV in your area" 6 times within 30 seconds. Yes, that happens. Everything everyone has said about scorestreaks is true. They're just stupid. The "specialist" streaks are the same kind of meh. The maps are the same 3lane bullcrap as BO3 but they don't offend as much in this one imo. Melee is better, you don't have people somehow wacking you across the head with wrenches the entire freaking match even after you shoot them while they're sliding towards you like in BO3. Same goes to the annoying snipers that jump over debris and shoot you from a mile away not even giving you a chance- doesn't happen no where near as much.Zombies: If this zombies came seperate from the game, I would buy it. It's weird. The zombies don't start running like crack-heads on round three. They get increasingly stronger and level out making play much more consitent with the level unlike almost ALL of the other zombies in the other CODs. I'm not saying that it stays easy, but if you suck at zombies - you at least have a chance to make it past round 6: congratulations.Cross-board: The guns are generic. Energy weapons get annoying. Assault-rifles are FINALLY more powerful (but less mobile and slower firing) than SMGs. LMGs are finally god-sent anvil hammers that take 3 seconds to aim with.Overall it looks like a 4 man studio made the entire game in less than a month. Very very average and not worth $99 for the digital deluxe. Hell, not even worth the $60 for the normal one.
Dreadful, Just like every other ♥♥♥♥ing COD game.
Probably the worst decision of my life
this game is♥♥♥♥♥
I tried this game out and its HORRIBLE the MP is not fun at all and is DEAD terrible futuristic game. Only got this game because of COD Remastered which is suffering from playerbase becasue you have to buy this TRASH  game to play itIW - 2/10COD RM - 9/10
worst cod ever played for two hours never again. uninstalled
Runs like the worst console port youll ever see in your life.Game stutters and breaks every 3-5 seconds, settings freeze the game, multiplayer lag and a dead community.Avoid. Buy CSGO or BF1 instead, astleast they work.
This game and cod 4 remaster have loads of bugs and glitches which have not been fixed, yet the developers continue to add more broken content.You have to pay for cod4 remasterd dlc even after you have paid $80 for the game in the first place. It also didn't include any of the infinit warfare dlc either.Cod4 remasterd is a terrible pc port.The community is dead for infinit warfare and cod4 remasterd. There's no point in buying any dlc as nobody plays it and people stop  playing new dlc after the first day it comes out.Your better off to buy this on console.
wats up fleshy mammals, cosmetic dlc here coming back with another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Why did I buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥lol
It was such a copy of black ops 3 and advanced warfare. it seemed a little boring cause of mecanics and graphics. it seemed to smooth to the point were it felt like i can get board fast. was kind of fun but you couldnt fined a online match. i would like to play it again if some things like smoothness and guns were not so wonky.
piece of trash on pc that i attempted to upgradeI WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!on side note: please take it back to boots on ground
Wtf Activision fix the freeze problem, its not the players responsibility to fix your broken game.This is definitely the last cod game i buy, amateurs.
"Failed to establish connection to host" INFINITY WARD NEEDS TO ADD DEDICATED SERVERS NOT PEER 2 PEER BS
DO NOT BUY unless  the legacy edition is  on sale for 20 bucks
A New low...ALOT of scriptkids like this hackable product .. This will be my LAST Cod...  so bad so bad !!
Utter rubbish that you cannot buy the DLC's on this game individually and can only get a season pass which is 40 quid
10/10 Confirmed Hot Garbage Would Totally Spend $100 Again
Fix the multiplayer is crash eveytime
to be honest...  i cant play zombies with other people cause it keep saying finding 3 more players.... im triggered
Infinite warfare campaign was meh multiplayer is lacking players and 1 out of ever 2 matches have atleast 1 hacker who can have anything from 1 hour to 100+ (Vac doesnt work in these games i guess)Modern Warfare Remastered multiplayer is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Still has problems it had at launch runs like crap stutters for no reason what so ever tested it on my gtx950 2gb ssc,fx6300 be and on a friends gtx 1080 8GB,i7-7700K Both ran the same putting the game on low did nothing.
This game makes me feel old even though i'm only (almost) 19. I just have no idea what the hell is happening all the time. Like there is a guy in front of me and i shoot him but none of my shots hit and suddenly there's three guys behind me and i'm dead like wtf. I think i'm just too old for the target audience of this game. Also there are way too many salty german kids playing this just like any other Call of Duty. It's still kind of fun and since i got the Legacy Edition for around 30 bucks i guess i can't really complain, but i would never buy it for the full price.
Trash
I purchased on day 1 in Nov 16 its now 5 months later and Ive still not playd the game! Hours spent installing, uninstalling, deleting, updating etc. all for nothing . Activision has done an abysmal job ... and now they are already ramping up for the next launch. Maybe a blanket botcot of their products would help... Hit them in the pocket. The game was rushed out but successive patches have done nothing to make it work. Customer service is a concept only .... No customer support and no replies either. Buy Titanfall or Titanfall 2 instead both work really well and well worth the money. Anyone want to buy some shiny decorative disks!!!!
Just buy BO3, More players and better graphics.Unless you buy it for MWR, MWR Is pretty good...IW- 5/10MWR- 8.5/10
this game is terrible i wish i didnt buy it
this game is bad
Bought this game for £5, thinking it would atleast be worth that, honestly wish I just bought a footlong sub instead.I have liked the vast majority of COD games but this just doesn't feel good in multiplatyer at all.-5 stars.
I've been playing Modern Warfare Remastered Multiplayer and I gotta say... It has just as many hackers as the original one right now. It's sad to see these people kill their own community.
I cant believe i gave in and bought this game. Saved $30 from a sale but still. I already cant find any matches in anything but HCTDM and its limiting me to the same lobby ive been in since i started. That would be fine if i could actually get in the match, but it keeps saying "Waiting for other players..." and then kicks me to the main screen. I've tried other game modes but they all say "Searching for match..." ENDLESSLY. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. You cant even play multiplayer, so why the hell would you give your money to a company with these issues WITHOUT THE FULL GAME IN RETURN.
the campain isnt too bad but the multiplayer is bad and no one is playing it so u cant get into a match
the whole game is a scam
A game make u mad with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story
I'd like to start by telling how dissapointed I am with BOTH games.I bought this game for Modern warfare remastered, so didnt expect much from IW.Call of Duty IW:Pro's:- New type of game, Kinda love what they did to be ''different''- Game looks really goodCon's:- Toxic Community ( I know cod players )- Had to fix my FPS by using a players guide...- Its still the old cod community who camps 24/7- Shotguns hero's in every gameCall of duty Modern warfare RM;This game was so good back in the days that I wanted to play it again.At first look the game is what it was like back in the days but its clearly not.Pro's- Still the old weapons, classes, maps etcCon's- Alot of server lagg- Met 3 hackers already- Very low amount of players online in Matchmaking- Game needed to be fixed in order to get normal fps like IW does aswell...If u like games where u can sit 24/7 to get a 7 kill streak, Call of duty is definetly your game. I do not recommend anyone to buy it and will not buy any future title of it.
This game is a glitchy mess with a terrible story and bad mechanics. Buy Battlefield 1 and let this series die.
WTF DID I JUST PLAY ? the campaign is so sad . there isd no immersion the only cool thing was the space fights and even then they seemed kind of stale. this game sux and i wish i could get my money back
Honestly, I've always been a fan of Call of Duty because I grew up with it. Unfortunately, the sparse player base kills this game. The mechanics in it are great and it's a fun game to play (if you ever get in a match), but the small amount of players makes it frustrating. Not to mention, Activision is just looking for money but doesn't listen to its fan base, so a big minus there.
Bought infiinite warfare and mwr for $100. Total waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money. The multuplayer on mwr is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and has modders and can barely get into a match half of the time. Infinite warfare has better multiplayer. Dont recommend buying this for pc but it is very fun on xbox one and ps4.
Bought infiinite warfare and mwr for $100. Total waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money. The multuplayer on mwr is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and has modders and can barely get into a match half of the time. Infinite warfare has better multiplayer. Dont recommend buying this for pc but it is very fun on xbox one and ps4.
BILLY MAYS HERE WITH ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PRODUCT! THIS GAME SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥ THE ONLY DECENT THING IS CAMPAIGN AND IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING SHORT! ♥♥♥♥ COD
trash
Multiplayer full of hackers and activision does nothing to stop it, glitches in all the maps, movement isnt streamlined, weapon balance sucks, and the player base is either filled with 12 year old brats that like to act tough online, or adult aged gamers who just want to pass the time and got this game on a whim. the weapon balancing might not have been so bad had they decided to keep the weapon variants reasonable, instead of outlandish and unfair against those with slower computers or reaction speeds.
this game is full of hackers and Stream/Activision does nothing to stop them.
I've played a total of 7 hours since release. What more is there to say?
What can I say other than this game won't even launch...  I am not surprised at all...
Personally i don't like the futuristic setting so i quit head on. If you want to play MWR you cant because no one wants to buy the game here, i tried finding games on MWR but i can't because no one's playing...
Multiplayer is unplayable.Cant find any matches even though my ping is low and activision never listen to their customers.DO NOT BUY. I repeat DO NOT BUY!!!!!
Not good! The joke of cod. Same game as bo3 except in space. You die way to fast. It's crap how fast you die. It's pathetic!  Score 5.5/10 Just don't buy it!
I had high hopes for this game coming out of Black Ops III. This negative review isn't out of blind hatred for the "space" theme either. The controls feel like a step back from any other game featuring advanced movement and most of the weapons are unbalanced due to the new variant system. It's very difficult to explain everything that's wrong with this game becuase the whole thing feels like a joke.It feels unoptimised at the best of times and terrible connections are far too frequent. Every now and again the stars would align and I would actually have fun in the multiplayer but it never came often enough. The game has a record low number of people playing on PC and adding DLC to the mix split the community into even smaller chunks.It's almost impossible for me to find a good game anymore and I have NEVER been able to find a public match of zombies. Not one, single, game. I only ever got paired up with one other guy, but you can't start the game with only 2 people so we had to add eachother as friends and make a custom game JUST to play. Speaking of the zombies mode, it's actually fun. The map is well made and the gameplay is fluid. The only problem is that it's nowhere NEAR as good as Black Ops III zombies. Why would I play zombies in Infinate Warfare when BO3 has a much better zombies mode? The campaign is pretty good too but it's short and has little replay value. I wanted to like this game but at a price tag of $110 (New Zealand Dollars) and a download size of around 80GB, I just simply couldn't keep playing. (The reason I didn't metion the MWR bundle in the review was because I wanted to focus on the game itself and not Activision's sales tactics)I do not recommend Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare.
this game is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t p2w ♥♥♥♥♥ucker, now i cant join any servers, hey devs why u guys stick up a cactus waaay up in ur asses, if COD WW2 comes out to be the same♥♥♥♥♥♥then i am done with COD forever
Bought this game for modern warfare remastered but apparently you have to get a certain version so I ended up with just IW. Ohwell I thought I can at least play the campaign and see how it goes, I have crashed/frozen 3 times directly after the initial cutscene. On top of that, CoD is a casual FPS so I like to play it with a controller sat away from the screen but for some reason my gamepad shows as disabled in the control options and I can't enable it. Even running it from big picture mode etc.
Contrary to your first impressions, this game is not that bad. It's just...there's basically nothing new. The setting is something I really like though, since it's basically Star Wars, and the view on some planets, especially the first missions is just breathtaking.However, asides from the visuals and some mechanics, there's barely anything new. It's basically Black Ops 3, except more techy.If you're new to the franchise, this is a great start, but otherwise it's not worth it.
Where are the players?
this is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!
lol game is broken
just here for Modern Warfare Remastered
I bought this game as a download through Amazon. It was installed through Steam. I cannot get beyond the introductory sequence - all I see is the circle going round and round. I tried to get help via Steam and was told to go to Activision - I could not register with Activision because "this email address is active" - I tried to contact Amazon and got nowhere because this was a download - there are no return or refund options. So what was upposed to be a 77th birthday present to myself has proved to be an exasperating experience and complete waste of money.
You may as well take 80  bucks out of your wallet and set it on fire... this is the worst Call of Duty ever made, there is nothing good about this game...and dont even bother trying to play MW-Remastered, you wont find a game...and if you do be prepared to be walled or smacked down by an aimbot...neither game has Cheat detection. Dont even give these a***oles the satisfaction of giving them money for the campaign.. This game is a cruel joke and they laughed all the way to the bank.
got it from humble bundle, it crash every time, multiplayer match it crash, story mission it crash, loading screens takes 5min to 10 mins to load and then it crashcan i get a refund if i got it from humble bundle? or no? that is my concern
maan game is ...ok....just that not many players...and ZOMBIES...never have any player playng...i have a sugestion fot the devs....to give the season pass free...so ppl maybie wil play this game..
Multiplayer is a joke Campaign is ok Zombies isnt as good as black ops 3
NERF MAMMOTH.
Bah, same as black ops 3 still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I knew it was garbage, waited till I found a cheap key and I regret I wasted cash on this. They should make the modern warfare remaster cheaper. Not going to pay the full price for a remaster. RIP Call of Duty
using the COD 4 engine for 2016 game is not such a good idea!when I saw the very first trailer of infinite warfare I thought  "this one is different." but when I saw the gameplay I became desapointed. nothing has been changed at infinite warfare! it's just like the older Call of Duty's.and even activision knew that the people are tired of Call of Duty and no one's gonna spend money to buy this game, so they decided to remaster COD 4 and distribute it with infinite warfare or better say there is no way to play modern warfare remastered exept buying infinite warfare legacy edition, I bought infinite warfare because I love modern warfare and I could not wait to play it with it's new awsome graphic and effects. in my opinion Black ops 3 is way to better than the infinte warfare
I played the free version when it was available, took me 10 tries to get in a multiplayer game. I do think that the game is good, but takes a long time to join
This game is a lame . Whatha♥♥♥♥ is wrong with infinity ret-ard? Are you wucking kidding us ? The game costs 70 bucks and all i got its some guys singing on microphone and some "Update Requires Restart" the 90 per-cent of tha times that i tryied to playy tha fakin game. Gime back ma money ya thies bro yo .
5 seconds into the game and it crashesI tried everything to try and fix it but no
game doesnt even work... crashes after second cutscene on singleplayer.  i verified cod files via steam, tried with older drivers that suppose to be made specially for this game, turned av off. nothing works. and my pc spec is much better then recomended... i5 6500, 980ti, 8gb ram
I actually like the campaign and the future stuff. But having said that, I did buy this game for multiplayer but I can't stand the irritating jetpack nonsense. To me it ruins multiplayer altogetger.
This game makes me wait 7-10 minutes while it "pre-loads shaders" everytime I try to play. Also it has a 91fps cap which sucks cuz I have a 144hz monitor. The worst is the fact that only about 400 people are online, so good luck playing anything other than horrendously laggy TDM.
load of sh.t
I got this game on sale for $7 at Walmart. From the intense gameplay I have experienced from trying to load a multiplayer match and it crashing every time is sweet. I would not get this game if they were selling it for an ounce of my♥♥♥♥♥♥ -98/10
This game is so bad that even if it was free to play there probably wouldn't be more than 4,000 players.
its the worst call of duty ever
There are only 2 reasons for buying this game:Campagin mode and cod4 remakeAnd i dun think it worth the full price buy it if its got like 75% discount
uh.... do you really have to ask!!! I Mean LOOK AT HOW MANY people play, it doesnt even make the stats ne more
Well, this game is good, but it is not a game that you must try.
Just disgusted that you have to buy the season pass to acess any of the dlc, i only bought this game for the zombies mode, and i refuse to shell out another $50 to play 4 additional zombie maps over the course of a year, this is criminal and now im starting to think like most people when i say COD is DEAD
Terrible game, long waits to even find a lobby big enough to even get into a match and once you do the cluster of grenades and melee and just straight up unavoidable deaths is ridiculous. Campaign is good though.
The biggest Disapointment in my enire Steam Libary (and that's saying something), Infinity Ward, i trusted you...
its really bad i hate this game this game have no good class and i â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed my money really titanfall 2 better than this game
^The Few Games I Actually played On Matchmaking I Thought Maybe This Game Has potential, But 97% Of The Time It Is Stuck In Matchmaking Lobby Can't Find A Match or Update Requires Restart Irritates Me To No End, Really Disappointed With This Purchase And I Hope Someday They Finish It Right And Get People Involved In Playing It. That Being Said I Really Liked The Few Games I Have Played, Some Features In This Game That Were Fun; Slide, Wall Ride, More Jump, Change Scope On The Fly, Parkour, And Zombies Alone I Will Get My $ Worth Out Of This Game.
finished it in almost 7h,I did not try the multiplayer cause I did not buy it for that.Average story,but really not that bad.oh I bought it for 10$ so yea.Did make me waste a few hours when I had nothing better to do but for full 60$ never!
Good storyline space warfare... however... Its sad that this game Fails to meet what players want... ofcourse campaign got improved but zombies WTF 1 damn map Nothing more rest Full of microtransactons same for Multiplayer.... this is yet again one of those horrible failures After BOP I liked Every game up to bops 1 after that i lost interest... decided to buy this game on the day it came out ok good to see if it got improved... Huge waste of moneyPro Cons:Pro's :+ SpaceWar!+ long campaign Confirmed!+ Graphics Pornifyingly decent+ Story of campaign Good!+ Robots in multiplayer YAS+ gender choice Good+ Customization confirmedCon's :- Multiplayer Sucks Horrible- Zombies 1 map... Ok good idea but no just no! why 1- Lagg Horrible lot o latency not on my end..- Game tends to crash a lot like SRS- Needs to Buy Digital Legacy to get Modern Warfare Remastered wich costs 20 euro's more- lot Content Ripped out of game and turned into DLCOverview:Dont buy this Game Its a huge Waste of your money like serious DOntLet us wait for the Upcoming WWII game instead... i wonder what they are gonna do with that
Good storyline space warfare... however... Its sad that this game Fails to meet what players want... ofcourse campaign got improved but zombies WTF 1 damn map Nothing more rest Full of microtransactons same for Multiplayer.... this is yet again one of those horrible failures After BOP I liked Every game up to bops 1 after that i lost interest... decided to buy this game on the day it came out ok good to see if it got improved... Huge waste of moneyPro Cons:Pro's :+ SpaceWar!+ long campaign Confirmed!+ Graphics Pornifyingly decent+ Story of campaign Good!+ Robots in multiplayer YAS+ gender choice Good+ Customization confirmedCon's :- Multiplayer Sucks Horrible- Zombies 1 map... Ok good idea but no just no! why 1- Lagg Horrible lot o latency not on my end..- Game tends to crash a lot like SRS- Needs to Buy Digital Legacy to get Modern Warfare Remastered wich costs 20 euro's more- lot Content Ripped out of game and turned into DLCOverview:Dont buy this Game Its a huge Waste of your money like serious DOntLet us wait for the Upcoming WWII game instead... i wonder what they are gonna do with that
The only thing on this game right now that works, is the uninstall button. Every graphical setting I change, it locks up and crashed. I try to get into an online game, no in fact, just editing my loadout gives me the error, "Call of Duty Game has stopped working." I mean I got this game for Remastered anyway, and even that became laughable. Supply crates on a remake of an already perfect game? What? Why? Really? Why? I just about enjoyed it on release, but what's the point in ruining it? And additionally, adding a remastered version of a game they already sell, to sell the main product... Laughable. DLC's to a Remastered game that was sold to sell the main product? Also laughable. Don't bother with it, this game is the worst thing I've ever seen, it's not even worth Remastered.
Hackers have taken over multiplayer avoid at all costs!
I neither love nor hate this game but it has good things about it and bad things.The Good:Easier method of getting the new weapons if you don't have the season pass (I own it though).Salvage systemThe graphics which can be a potato but if you don't look too hard your good. The Zombies Get reall the zombies is basically the best thing in CODThe Campaign The Bad:Supply Drops for the 3rd year in a rowDrop Rates in those supply dropsThe people that playThis game is hacked by too many playersNo theater mode to provide better evidence of cheaters400+ camos making it nearly impossible to get something good, salvage is the only thing they are good forCOD Points because people are not patientThe amount of bugs in the game that are currently unfixedOverall I like the game for the game for Campaign, Multiplayer, and Zombies. People can leave it up to their own opinions but If you were to buy it, buy the Legacy Edition so you get MWR. Also if your one of those cheating t**** find somthing else to do with your time.(EDIT)♥♥♥♥ IT! Im done with this game. The MP can suck an dik. Campaign was pretty good. Zombies is okay but i find it stupid and easy.
This game is crap and never lets you into a game.
Game SUCKS
Actually, this game is the worse among COD
This game is boring so I made a cake:MethodPreheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.Grease and line 2 x 20cm/8in sandwich tins: use a piece of baking or silicone paper to rub a little baking spread or butter around the inside of the tins until the sides and base are lightly coated. Line the bottom of the tins with a circle of baking or silicone paper (to do this, draw around the base of the tin onto the paper and cut out).Break the eggs into a large mixing bowl, then add the sugar, flour, baking powder and baking spread.Mix everything together until well combined. The easiest way to do this is with an electric hand mixer, but you can use a wooden spoon. Put a damp cloth under your bowl when you’re mixing to stop it moving around. Be careful not to over-mix – as soon as everything is blended you should stop. The finished mixture should be of a soft ‘dropping’ consistency – it should fall off a spoon easily.Divide the mixture evenly between the tins: this doesn’t need to be exact, but you can weigh the filled tins if you want to check. Use a spatula to remove all of the mixture from the bowl and gently smooth the surface of the cakes.Place the tins on the middle shelf of the oven and bake for 25 minutes. Don't be tempted to open the door while they're cooking, but after 20 minutes do look through the door to check them.The cakes are done when they’re golden-brown and coming away from the edge of the tins. Press them gently to check – they should be springy to the touch. Remove them from the oven and set aside to cool in their tins for five minutes. Then run a palette or rounded butter knife around the inside edge of the tin and carefully turn the cakes out onto a cooling rack.To take your cakes out of the tins without leaving a wire rack mark on the top, put the clean tea towel over the tin, put your hand onto the tea towel and turn the tin upside-down. The cake should come out onto your hand and the tea towel – then you can turn it from your hand onto the wire rack.Set aside to cool completely.To assemble the cake, place one cake upside down onto a plate and spread it with plenty of jam. If you want to, you can spread over whipped cream too.Top with the second cake, top-side up. Sprinkle over the caster sugar.
Campaign is really good much like the last two COD's, unfortunately the mp is a♥♥♥♥♥♥fest of pay to win guns and hackers on PC would recommned this for the campaign and zombies not really for the MP though.Edit: They will now be selling MWR seperately from IW something which i was told on release would not happen and the only to obtain MWR was to purchase the legacy edtion soo like a complete and utter fool i did GG guess you love ♥♥♥♥ing your customers over this will most likely be the last COD i buy (Unless WW2 turns out to be good)
bad servers im not playing this game untill they sort out servers what a waste fo money
i cant even play campain or zombies it gets to the intro video then takes forever to load then evetually crashes
♥♥♥♥♥game wasted 80 euro on this game hitboxes are bad spawns are♥♥♥♥♥♥and above all its just bo3 but with worse graphics and♥♥♥♥♥♥maps i mean epic variants that are just bo3 weapons really? If i was you i should not get this game its just bad.
Stay away... Stay Far FAR away! I should've listened. The warning signs were all there. But no, my nostalgia boner for Modern Warfare was too strong. Activision has lost any and all trust with the consumer at this point. The company is willing to sell their loyal fanbase in exchange for a quick buck. If the next Call of Duty (possibly a WW2 game) is Anything like IW or MWR, we are not in for a 'return to Call of Duty's roots' but yet another shameless cash grab playing at our nostalgia for previous great games. OH and can we please get server browser support back? I like playing my online games without hackers infesting every lobby thank you. PROS: -The Campaign is not terrible like Ghosts, but suffers from the tried and true COD formula of set peice moments. There are sections that give you a bit of freedom, but they were too scared to commit on it. -Zombies is not a bad mode here, but why play this when you can play modded maps on Black Ops IIICONS: -Activision -hackers -anti-consumer practices -holding another videogame hostage -poor community managment -lack of updates addressing PC player concerns -shady business model -optimization -lag/teleporting players -much, much more...  TLDR: Just don't. Get Titanfall 2 and support a developer willing to give FREE content to the player instead of making them buy something they have already bought.
Worst Game In Whole of The Call OF Duty Series :-<
i dont know what is wrong with this game it just freezes everytime i go to play it, i can not get past the main menue, its really frustrating
ok, at start i didnt liked the game at all i even hated it so much! but i got used to it a bit..  the weekly contracts are really nice, zombies expiriance is actually nice over all. single player i didnt even finished, i still cant reccomend you to buy it. multi player is kinda dead and full of campers and cheaters and shotguns but its not that bad i guess if you find actually good lobby.. look if you really want this game you can get it online for like 10$ and for this price i can reccomend it.
No one plays the games and it is hard to get on a server to play.  Seems like there are alot of hackers and the manufactorer doesnt seem to care.
big mac machine broke
1st call of duty game is about the great world war 2 it could be taken seriously. latest call of duty, exo jumping and wall runing with your laser gun while an 8 year old is calling you a queer♥♥♥♥♥............ makes compleate ♥♥♥♥ing sense......... yep this is call of duty like it should be
This game sucks.  It's the same game as Black Ops 3 except all the improvements Treyarch made from Advanced Warfare's system feel haphazardly butchered and are worse than they used to be.  The ONLY reason to buy any version of this game is for Modern Warfare Remastered, and even with that great game it's hard to say it was worth my money.  Hopefully Sledgehammer's game will be good enough to hold us over until Treyarch comes in and once again fixes the other two developer's mess.
got it for free, still felt scammed smh
Complete♥♥♥♥♥
I bought this right after it came out. Didn't really like it as it was. Decided to go back to Black Ops 3 and figured I'd try Infinite Warfare again, figured they'd have fixed all the bugs by now. Still crashes randomly, still has issues if you have virus protection running.Recommend for multiplayer? Not unless you enjoy crashes.Zombies is quite fun, though I'm not a fan of the original map.Recommend for zombies? I enjoyed it so yes.I never played the campaign so I won't comment on it. 3/10 only for zombies....
Maybe they'll get back to what made the games good orignally. Doubtful.
Trash.
I can't even play a match of multiplayer. Game crashes and takes hours to load.Thankfully, it was only a free weekend, and I didn't actually pay for it.
dead game
Press F to Pay Respects.Call of Duty is .R.I.P.
Of the time I've played, which isn't much, it felt like Black Ops 3, but worse. Its pathetic that Infinite Ward and Activision knew that no one would like this game, so they had to throw in CoD4 remastered for people to even consider buying this game.
I srsly can't handle these bugs, crashes etc, it takes 5 minutes to find a lobby and when the match is about to begin "Unable to connect to the host" or somthing like that..... SOo freaking stupid
Futuristic P2W garbage. Steer clear.
!!!
Spent a week trying to get this to work, checked all the forums, updated drivers, uninstalled and reinstalled, verified game cache integrity, removed antivirus, reinstalled antivirus, rebooted my computer more times this week than I have all year.Can't get past the Splash Screen, jesus, I'm not running a dinosaur here, I'm on a 4K series i5, 16 gb of ram and an R9 270x with 2GB vram, I'm running Mass Effect Andromeda and NieR with no hassle... so why this game doesnt work is beyond me. Don't bother wasting your money on this, pile of junk, Activision have been unhelpful or incapable of providing support.
Get the game if you just want to play Zombies and the Campaign, which are good.Stay out of Multiplayer. Cheaters galore even with VAC being enabled, takes like 20 minutes to find a match (Why is P2P still a thing?), you'll most likely end up with a 3v3 match with a host that lives in the middle of the Indian Ocean with AOL dial up, and get penalized for leaving early if you get disconnected.Like I said if you want to just play the campaign and maybe Zombies, get it, it's very good.If you want to play MP, get Battlefield or BO3. Don't buy Infinite Warfare (like my dumbass self did).
hate it
♥♥♥♥♥game tbh they really ♥♥♥♥ed up on this one...
0/10
no
Bathroom break gone bad, its crap...
Pros: Great campaign mode/ ZombiesCons: MultiplayerAs far as single player content goes, the diversity in how the campaign is played makes it fun, even through repeat plays in the specialist difficulties. Though the story missions are still pretty linear, the ability to choose side missions and acquire weapon/aircraft upgrades allows for a break from the traditional progression. No spoilers, but the campaign's ending played more to reality rather than the typical cinematics of hero-based shooters.I've been a die-hard zombies fan since the game mode was introduced, and the work put into the zombie gameplay in IW does not disappoint. While players are still able to just hack and blast their way through a classic feel of zombies - let's see how far we can get - the objectives woven into the background of a map make for a true completionist's dream.  'Completing' a zombie's mission isn't easy either, and scales well to the size of a group. Definitely a thumbs up here.Multiplayer really missed the mark in IW for two reasons: virtually non-existent community for PC; and... wait for it... hackers. Waiting in queue for a team of people to start a match can take too much time for most of the objective modes since so few people play IW on computer compared to consoles. So if multiplayer is your thing plan on sticking to TDM, or break down and shell out the cash to play on PS or Xbox.Hackers are horrible in multiplayer. Wall/aim hacks are very obvious, even in the KDRs.... 57-3? please... I'm no techy so I don't know if PC is just an easy platform to manipulate, but the MP playability is nothing here compared to console play.Overall, single player content in this installment is amazing and has great replayability. But, as important as competitive play is, PC is, at this time, not a great choice compared to other gaming platforms.
This game is actually as bad as people say it is. yes it is unstable. yes the community is dead. yes it has under 3000 players daily, but its still fun! the only major mistake they did was bundeling it up with MWR. the games could sell so much better if they didnt bundle. i myself baught it just because of the remastered, like 70% of the other people that bought it on PC. the game is great on consol btw. great community and well made gameplay and neverending content. its just not worth buying for this pricetag and this low playercount
Remember me not to buy a CoD new star wars/star trek-type ever again. Full of cheaters, people kill by just stepping on a banana skin while shooting and a complete lack of skill.
If i had a penny for each minute ive waited in the lobbys i swear id be rich. This game is total garbage! So many glitches and no way of blocking other laggy players that totally help make this game even worse. Purchased the game and season pass only to feel majorly ripped off. Cant believe this ended up in the warfare series because the previous warfare games tromp this. Wait till this game goes onsale for $5 just to say you have it in your collection otherwise dont waste youre money on whatever this is.
BAD
60 dollars, 5 hour download, cant get a refund, and game doesnt even load the campain or multiplayer. nothing to even review, other than a terrible waste of money i could've kept for something useful
bought it thinking that they left splitscreen in from bops3. knowing that the community was dead i was willing to spend 100$ to play zombies with my buddy only to find out they took it out. I dont see how you guys dont realize the only pc gamers willing to spend 100 on your dead community games are the ones that want to play with their buddies.
Ignore the 10/10 and 8/8 and other reviews on the trailer the game story and everything sucks only thing thats decent is the graphics of the game. after playing this it feels like halo or destiny, it doesnt feel like call of duty. dont buy this unless its for the modern warfare remastered game. This game is not worth anything. Infinity ward only included modern warfare remastered in the legacy edition to get people to buy the game. they knew that there game sucked and they couldnt go back and change it from this point so they just tried to squezze all the money out of this game by including the modern warfare remsatered game dont buy this instead buy some older classic cods or maybe watch dogs or csgo or even gtav gtav is so much more worth it its insanly fun. putting a 60 dollar pricer tag on this is kinda insulting XD.
I'm just gonna say, plain and simple.I do not recommend buying this game, if you have a potato pc then put the dreams of playing this game into a chest, and then throw that same chest down the river of hell.Ok.... now that we put that part out of the way, lets startPros:1."New" and "improved" parkour mechanics that totaly werent stolen from titanfall2."Amazing" new graphics, now including shades of red and grey, more pixels , a picture of a baby epephants♥♥♥♥♥♥ a bunch of "innovative" player models, the same guns in every cod after advanced warfare ( reskined) and new maps3.All guns sound very "reallistic" , you know what im talking about.(like if you put a rock in a blender)4. The hype was soooo worth it.... NOPE5. A new and better cod, now feminist friendly6.  They totally didnt run out of ideas with this oneCons:All of the above and moreThis is a very sarcastic review if you couldn't tell. But this is what this game deservers.Hallelujah ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sLuxer out
BAD GAME
keeps crashing :/ every game mode... :( 0.5/10
Well...The game looks ok...far from beautiful but ok.The story is great and finally the theme is something different then the usual 2nd world war or typical army fps games.On the other hand it is so extremely unoptimized that it destroys the entire experience...lags,freezes,etc...Even had to turn off my anti virus just to be able to start the game!I dont understand how is it possible to release a game in a state like this!!!
Full of Bugs
it doesn't preload shaders
Might change my mind if I could actually find an online game and then connect without it crashing. Call of Duty is now dead to me.â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥that I paid for this and never even finished the campaign.
This game sucksâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥it wont even let me join a match in multiplayer waste of money
As usaul I was dissapionted with call of duty this year. I bought the best edition just for MWR, which is unfourntunately medicore. Infinte it just a a pile of crap, the movement system, to th guns are just awful. I loved CoD but this has ruined it for me. there going to need to do some serious work on the next one or CoD will be dead. Donty waist your money on this, youll enter in only to be asked to spend more money on micro transactions. YES it is pay to win! Just go battlefield 1 no this crap. WAIST OF YOUR MONEY!!!!! pray for next years cod to be boots on tyhe ground!
Bad game :/
IW took a bite of Battlestar Galactica, washed it down with Black Ops 3, and crapped this out.:)0.5/10
Worst game ever
All guns feel the same, graphics aren't even that good compared to advanced warfare and black ops 3, and if you're thinking about spending money to buy this game and MWR, spend your money somewhere else because infinite warfare is bad and mwr has lots of issues towards optimization.
Lol, Don't
When I put graphics settings to high it looks like low
♥♥♥♥♥game don't do it
this game is booty. DO NOT waste $60 on this piece of crap. youre better off buying csgo for 1/4th the price of this♥♥♥♥♥♥call of duty.
I would say that Infinite warfare is one of the worst games in the series.  I don’t mean the look of the game in fact it is very nice however that being said the total lack of the company to prevent hacking which is very rampant and very blatant is incredible. Also, the P2P is utterly useless.  The amount of lag that is in this game is incredible.   Also, the downright lying done by the companies developing these games is unbelievable.  The old analogy applies “Fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me! I would never trust what comes out of the mouths of the companies developing these games again. If they really want to get rid of the lag and hacking they should go back to dedicated servers where clans can purchase servers and administrate them themselves.  This would go a long way in redeeming the COD franchise.  Also since they have been using the same game engine for most of the entire COD franchise it is starting to so to show it’s age.All in all, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
So disapointing.Dont belive me?Check out the Official Call of DutyÂ®: Infinite Warfare Reveal Trailer on Youtube(3.5 milion disllikes)
Worst COD ever...
This is coming from a guy, who always enjoyed playing the CoD series. I played all games in the past, some on consoles, some on PC. Enjoyed Advanced Warfare and hell, even Ghosts! But Infinite Warfare is the lowest point in the series. It's an extremely boring game without any personality. Forgettable overall design, boring levels, weak sounds, even weaker characters, guns that aren't fun to shoot, bulletsponge enemies, sometimes good graphics, and a big "MEH..." experience. That's pretty much all of it.Buy the Digital Legacy only if you can get it REALLY cheap, and you desperate to have MW Remastered in your library. That's a good one.
I really enjoyed this game for the first few missions I was able to play. Now when I try loading my campaign it has a dialog box appear stateing that it crashed. It has done this multiple times, and even does it in multiplayer. Very diapointedInitial thoughts on purchase 8/10 Now 0/10 due to not being able to play it.
DONT GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!it is the most broken call of duty it black screens me like i played for 2 month and then BLACK SCREEN.is a stragle playing with your frends to.SO DONT GET IT CAN BREAK YOUR PC
sooooooooo rest in pees this game :P
Only bought this for Modern Warfare: Remastered, which was an unplayable piece of crap (featuring unable to connect to servers, crap online multiplayer experience, unoptimized and buggy, spend more time in menus rather than freaggin playing).COD:IW was not on my wishlist, it's not my kind of COD.
i cant even play the game every time i get in a game it freezes and says go to direct x and the read me file but i can becouse it dont exist pleace fix this i spent 6o dollars on a game that doesnt even run
I rather wait untils its between 19.99 ~ 9.99 then is good rather then that all games is 59.99 kiss my A$$
i bought the game  like 2 days ago and now i cant play the game just campain i hope it will be fixed becaus i was going to buy dlc and all but now i cant even play spaceland  plz fix this  i was so hyped to play the game but now i even cant play it waste of money !!!!!
We dont want more space sims :?
Community is completely dead! Cannot find any multiplayer matches!
Worst Game I've EVER played dont even put this on your wishlist
Pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Its a fine game if u buy it for zombies but i am not going to even talk about how bad the mutliplayer and campaign are. I ordered this for my xbox instead of pc because of the reviews it says OVERWHEMINGLY NEGATIVE so i bought it on xbox and boy i cant wait to play.im being half sarcastic and half not. Oh did i mention campaign is the worst thing ever.
just done buy it
Don't get this game, it's complete trash,
Best Call of Duty ever trust me... Your mission is to gear up in the armory, but that stupid bot (side character) which is supposed to go with you is standing in the door infront of the elevator and looking to the wall...Still no fix after like half an year... great job ! (I know restart can fix this bug but that's not what I'm expecting from 60 bucks game !)I'm really dissapointed about Call of Duty series direction.. Let's hope next title will be throwback to great times of MW series or first parts.
GODAAY FLESHY MAMALS
this game sucks
ever since the 17th uodate i cannot get into game it keeps saying update requires restart been doing it for 6 hours and it will not restart I also cannot contact steam in any way to find out why this is happenig  how the heck do you get to cantact stean to get help? I would not recommend steam for anything refering to help someone have any suggestions
i have bought this game on steam. But when i try to play the game it sais that the game has stopped working and does nothing more. Please can you get back to me as if it is not fixed it is just a waste of money.
Activision have killed their player base by pairing this game with MW remastered. They should have released them both seperately and let IW flop (probably less than it has if sold separately) and everyone enjoy MW. When this game was on sale I hesitated to buy it, then dowloaded the free trial to make sure I wasn't missing out on anything since reviews etc aren't always the same as spending a bit of time with the game in person. My first few games I didnt think it was too bad, but in saying that I can go buy plenty of 'not too bad' shooters these days for half the price or even free. The time to kill is way too fast and the guns might as well be laser pointers with no recoil. Also the main abilities are stupid and overpowered IMO. Anyways, it wasnt until around the 3rd or 4th game that I was thankful for not purchasing this game. HAckers EVeryWhere!!! I ended up in lobbies with people getting 30-1+ KD's constantly. For a online multiplayer focused game that has been out for this short of time it is terrible. Did i also mention that really your are only buying TDM as well? good luck to you finding any other games :) Maybe my short speech will save some people the 50gigs aha
I didn't expect anything and I was still disappointed.
Do not ever buy a single Call of Duty game on this platform. My mistake
...
No split-screen.
Honestly, I wanted to like this game. I knew what I was buying, I didn't have the wrong kind of expectations: roughly 4 to 7 hours braindead, scriptheavy shooting with some pretty amazing sights that propably get boring by the tenth time a helicopter crashes down in your face that you just manage to dodge by a centimeter. I got more far than that from this game, but it's also the reason why it is far less.I knew it had the reputation of being the "worst CoD", but I didn't belive it. Frankly, it isn't, far from it, but it's bad for all the reasons usually not mentioned in the bad reviews.Actually there is quite a lot to do in Infinite Warfare. There are about a dozen different sidemissions (entire optional levels), the multiplayer loadout building is present in the campaign aswell so you can create different playstyles through special equipment like a mobile shield or the ability to hack into hostile robots and shoot the rest in the back until you self destruct at the lost moment. New gadgets, weapons, attachments are collectible from enemies, logical areas like an armory, and the game provies a good frame to put all this to a nice customization system with some really creative levels that, well, okay aren't a big thing in general but I was surprised to see them in a Call of Duty game, such as clearing out a giant hall filled with enemies with an actual somewhat basic stealth system (line of sight, "heat warning") working in there, and if they notice you they might execute one of the 3 hostages or call in reinforcements, or both. Elsewere I shot a window on a space station and vacuum sucked out enemies and some other stuff before the security doors locked down the place. The setting as you propably guessed it changed from "helicopter fetish" to "spaceship fetish" with about 5-10 of them always exploding and crashing, providing some great looking background scenery.The whole game just falls apart. There is no continuity, there is this quickly becoming repetitive extremely long sessions of walking to your fighter jet, taking your seat, waiting out the launch sequence, launching... it was a fantastic sequence for the first time, like "oh cool this is how it feels like to be in one of those fighters launched from a bada$s mothership", but after doing it like 2-3 times it becomes just a repetitive, boring chore. Then you get to a sidemission spaceship that's the exact same ship for every sidemissions, and while it is interesting the first few times to Rambo through it, sneak through it, sabotage it, rescue hostages, the repeating narrow corridors and rooms quickly become boring. Not to mention to horrible, HORRIBLE zero gravity and fighter jet sessions. So let's just ignore them and move on with the main missions, right?I just can't get engaged in the story. It's hilariously bad. If you thought Kevin Spacey declaring war on all nations after pushing his ideals to far extremes as a resault of his son's death (Advanced Warfare), you get Kit Harrington declaring war to wipe out the entire Earth. Yeah that's right. This is the story, I sh.t you not. And it's not like he is a religious extremeist, or a mad man who lost his sense of values, no, this is his "rational plan" to get the Mars colony separated from Earth rule. Because of a few politicans, wipe out 8 billion people. It's laughable guys, I just can't take it seriously, the threat isn't there, the writing is weak and just buying a celebrity's face to sell it is not going to make a badly written a THIS badly producted story any better. Add this to the whole "mission done, return to HUB area" feeling of the mothership that breaks the flow of the game - and if for anything, Call of Duty was always loved for the flow of it.It's not a bad game, not by a longshot. In fact I was really, really impressed with the added depth and choice to gameplay that I didn't expect based on the previous titles (loved CoD1,2, MW trilogy and AW, not so much of a fan of Black Ops series), the sci-fi setting is really good looking and has some nice gameplay features too such as the aforementioned vacuum or zero G combat, hacking into enemy droids, having different weapons doing different type of damage (energy based weapons are better against droids, kinetic weapons are better against armored human beings), tricky gadgets, but the whole HUB area + sidemissions concept chopped the game off to tiny repetitive bits instead of keeping the momentum and building up the tension the series is known for. On every corner I feel like the devs see me as a teenage boy so naturally every (absolutely falling flat and forgettable 0 character) important briefing / speak / companion is a women up close in your face telling you how badass you are. Despite the effort to try to make all the characters have some personality by unlockable audiotapes, it's just not working.In short, Infinite Warfare tried to be many things the series never was, and forgot to be what it was always good at. The problem is, it's not particularly good at any of the new things it tries to be either. It's not bad, it's just so medicore, so full of never exploited potential it's painful to see it, to experience this constant feeling of how fantastic it could turn out to be in the next minute but THAT next minute you are waiting for just never arrives. In previous CoD titles, expectations were built up and a satisfactory followup came to solve the situation. This expectation is built up to be 100x as big here due to the interplanetary sci-fi battleships / stations / extinction of humanity, but the followup is half of what the previous games delivered. And this sucks, enough that I'm not motivated to finish the campaign. Multiplayer? The same since Modern Warfare 2, plus stupid jumps and microtransactions with lootboxes.
♥♥♥♥ing joke, wish I could have my money back, Bout this on sale for £44 including MWR - the reason I bought this and wow, never ever will I be so stupid again. The campaign of MWR is great no doubt but the multiplayer is dead and its the same story for Infinite warfare, not only that but they added new guns to MWR which is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and you have to pay for the DLC maps like wtf, no thanks. ♥♥♥♥ you activision you stupid ♥♥♥♥♥
Maybe they should focus less on graphics and making gameplay that isn't garbage. The story wasn't as bad as bo3 at least though. Was looking forward to MWRM until they ruined that too..
I wish I could remove this game from my steam library because uninstalling just isn't enough.
Very bad game. The supply drops are broken and ruin the game and the exosuits make it riddiculous. There are also many glitches and few people playing on pc.
TDM only, unbalanced as♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS cap at 90, no seperate sens for unscoped and scoped. trash/10 didn't expect anything more
Nop just nop
hard to find online games no one ever on
Good GraphicsFOV SliderFun WeaponsAwesome Story ModeClassic Weapons ListBad MovementBad ConnectionBad Port
This is a terrible game for PC, the optimisation is terrible, it takes ages to load on my 6gb 1060 and it currently crashes. Much more demanding games run fine on my PC like crysis and Battlefield however this is just designed and optimised poorly. I got this Game ond DVD from my local game store to avoid the excessive 120gb Download However I found that activisoin only puts half of the game on the disc and I ended up having to download aproxamately 70gb of game from the internet. I would not recommend this game to anyone as if you are looking for a mulitplayer game you're out of luck. It takes up to a hour to find a lobby to Join and one you are in that lobby it says "Starting Game" which takes a long time to complete. Dont be like me and ignore the reviews and think its getting so much hate because it is a COD game. It is getting so much hate because it is a BAD game.
the worst gaming experince that i have ever had in this game
Ok, i'm gonna be be short and sweet with this one.Campaign: 6/10Multiplayer: 4/10Zombies: N/A (because i always crashed at the intro)Now im being rather generous with that score because simply... this was the most boring call of duty i have ever played.I respect Infinity Ward for trying something different with the whole space thing, but honestly it just didn't do enough to save this turd of a game.If you are one of the minority who enjoys this game than good for you, you spend that much money you should get an enjoyable experience, which brings us to Modern Warfare Remastered...So i kinda guessed that if they combined a great old remastered game with a new one, it was either a great deal or tricking people into buying a turd for an old classic remastered into a shiny new turd with hints of nostalgia.The game has very little people playing it, they added their money vacumm "Supply drops" into the game because... $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$. as well as other ways to get a bit more chedder, like this: It was recently announced that a DLC pack that you could purchase for the original version would be released for the remastered version and will be more expensive than the original pack... Lovely2016 was the year i am convinced that activison doesnt want to make a decent game and just wants all the chedder. So if you still enjoy the recent entries in the series than that's fine. However for me, if they keep this up with the following games and keep doing these insanely obvious cash grab moves than i am done with the franchise. I don't care what they combine with 2017's entry.  Hell No Probably not, but that's your choice
It so good.. execpt i cant use my mouse to look around and i spent nearly a hour trying to configure it and reset to deafult and it did nothing. A good game if u want to just stafe left to right and die all the time :)
Don't buy this game nor the Digital Legacy Edition for CoD4 Remake HD. The gameplay and netcode sucks. And unlike CoD4 it doesnt allow Mod support nor clanserver rentals so far. But I won't hold my breath.
up until 5 mintues ago it was a good game now it doesnt even work nice update
Fake, gay, and jew made.
Well Infinite Warfare isn't that bad actually - but i came here to tell you the best joke you've ever witnessed, wait for itModern Warfare Remastered.Have a nice day
It isn't as bad as some people say it is but it isn't great either. The missions are repetitive and the story is military fantasy through and through. The gravitas that used to come with stories from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare and to an extent, Modern Warfare 2, is all but absent. The characters feel bland and lifeless. There's some fun to be had in it, but there are just a lot of other better shooters out there.Multiplayer is quite fun, but the progression rubs me the wrong way.
Its dont work on my pc and all games work, snoop dogg would be mad if he looked at this game on pc.
ITS TERRIBLE
nope they had 3 years the game is still in f*cking beta fase
This game lacks the bushes I desire to win a game. Also they are too low resolution.
Value for Money :: No {Campaign was good, but I Don't want to see a Movie, give me Skip !!}Bought this game Instead of Negative Reviews being a COD Fan, but was Disappointed.Crahes Frequently, No In-game sound for my Alienware, Mission Hangs or Freeze Screen.. and the list goes on..
IW's ok and all but MW remastered is a broken piece of crap goes to show how much infinity ward cares about their fanbase, ♥♥♥♥ you infinity ward fix this now can't tell what's more broken MW multiplayer or master chief collection
Kak Game never buy this game you connot play online
I really wanted to like this game, I really did. But it's broken, it won't play anything and it takes up 82GB of my space. I;ve tried to fix it, but nothing works. And it's 82GB, just too much. It also happens that it took 5 hrs on startup to load, which means I can't refund it either. Well played Infinity Ward. Well played.
good story but its♥♥♥♥
Bad game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This game isn't fun at all, at the beginning of the game, when it first came out, the guns were to OP and you were able to get really easy kills, which made it not fun at all, Zombies was alright until the money thing that gives a lot of money on the ATM gave a lot of money. Campaign seemed boring, mulitplayer sucked, Zombies was okay, but it was weird.
Really?
Well after playing this game for a decent amount of time now, i will submit this review in hopes that someone will take the time to read it. I have played this and both battlefield 1 and being a call of duty fan for a heap of years now i gotta say.. very disappointed. this game offers no real gameplay other than the mindless arcade grind the series has gotten us use to. Battlefield 1 is a total fail, but this game is far worse.. Since modern warfare 3 i would say it's safe to assume infinity ward has died and lost interest in this franchise, that would be the only explanation why they've released this game. The campaign is decent and offers a bit of gameplay and i'm not sorry i bought this... but at 70% off i thought it was a steal, on the contrary.. i think the 12 euros i payed for it is a fair price.
Another Pile Of♥♥♥♥♥♥  Dull Boring Game.  Modern single player crashes every 5 mins on PC so bought on PS$.  Warfare MP is fun and only thing workjing on PC, then they decide to Screw us and Charge for old DLC FFS Activision - I will no longer buy and COD games from this greedy Comapny.  Wait till Modern Warfare remastered is cheap with all DLC and fixed and fully working and able to purchase on its own.
dont understand why call of duty keeps going down hill make a game worth playing. this game sucks. iv played all the call of duty games that have ever came out and these guys are going down hill bad. dont buy this game MW4 remasterd could not find a match. Infinate warfare crashed everytime i went in to a server single player is garbage got my money back.
Lets be honest i bought for cod 4 remastered but cod 4 has really bad optimization and Im really impressed from infinite warfare its better than cod 4 remastered
This game is EXOshit
First review for steam. NO ONE, I repeat, NO EVEN ONE PERSON is in multiplayer now.
Yo you guys need to fix somethings,  because everytime i play zombies in space land when i do the second seticom defense part of the easteregg ,my game pretty much the video freezes but the game is still going ,no audio nothing,  but once it unfreezes the game shows me dead even when i know there wasn't any zombies close by
to even be good at this game you need to put atleast another 100 dollars towards guns.Also MWR is so dead and full of hackers already and most maps have horrible frame rate drop.2/10
i played the multyplayer on a free weekend so i cant speek for the campaing. but i liked the multyplayer the maps were really small, ( although unamagintive, meny were rehashed from previous CoDs) it was very twichy and quick which i enjoy. as far as what most people were looking for ( a boots on the ground fighting sim) it failed at that.it felt unfinished like it needed some polishing but i thought it was a good base. the graphics were really good ( as expected). def not worth $60, i would be ok paying maby $25 for just the multyplayer. although the bad side is that almost no one playes it. it has overwhelming negtive reviews on steam so i am sure that very few people will buy it and the communty will die out by the time the next CoD comes out
it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Hackers everywhere....
I purchased this game during the steam winter sale so it wouldnt hit my wallet that hard. I have to say it sucks, the real reason I purchased it was for the remastered edition of the game that no one plays now. Everywhere in the game there are people whom seem to be made of some sort of metal that makes the bullets just bounce off of them. Game constently lags and fps drops to 20 in some cases (I use dual GTX 970s and a 8370 cpu). No other games have dropped that low nor do they lag hard. I reallu would stay away from this game.
♥♥♥♥♥game
WHAT HAPPENDED TO CALL OF DUTY!? This is a garbage game, the only somewhat fun part about it is the Zombies, it's pretty fun.
Fun play - when one actually gets to play it. Way too short. I agree with a previous player that there are too many cut scenes. My General rule of ROI for a game being $1 per hour of playtime (or less) is out the window on this one. Not recommended.
no
Well done...
pooooop
Really great game but the lag is insane. I've had times where it runs flawlessly at around 90fps then all of a sudden i get 3fps and then instantly goes back to 90. FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥COD!!!
God damn what a mediocre affair.I picked this up strictly for singleplayer. Haven't played a CoD since Black Ops 2 and i don't want to try MP because I'm afraid I won't be able to keep up with all the cool kids (also microtransactions in a 60$ game). From a striclty SP point, however, IW is as mediocre as ever.In a way, it's doing us all a service. IW is taking the generic patriotic bullsh*t to the extreme making sure we all get sick of it, with soldiers sacrificing themselves left and right in the most moronic ways ("I WON'T MAKE IT!" he shouted 2 feet away from the dropship). It's also extra funny since this could've been a genuinely good story (the conflict between over-worked and over-taxed colonies and a homeworld that is out of resources and fully dependent on other planets).Instead what you get is space satan-nazis with russian accents (yep, russian accents; in space) And about maybe 5 minutes of John Snow who gets KO'd 30 minutes before the ending (guess they were paying him by the second). The enemy is also comically evil; military service starts at 12 and lasts 15 years (though you never kill a teen), Snow kills one of his own men in the intro mission just to prove a point to a dead man walking and their objective is, simply put, to kill all earthlings.Gameplay is ok at best and boring at worst. The space battles are fun the first 2 times but tend to get repetitive quick; gun play is as in every CoD, only in space; except over half of the missions take place in dark-gray corridors on ships/bases so the scenery is as dull and half of the missions feel like side-missions, because they literally are. It's also a pretty buggy experience (game crashes on loading if it doesn't have an exception in the antivirus; again, singleplayer).What is most insulting, however, is that Acti/IW have came out saying that because of the negative feedback they will go back to a (probably) WW2 setting. At the same time they said that they were planning to go back to WW2 before this was released. So they ANTICIPATED this was going to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥storm, but went with it anyway.Time to put this series back in exile. See you all in 5 years for CoD #34 (seriously, i counted them). They should get Adam Sandler for the next celebrity-bad-guy. He and this franchise have a lot in common.
zobmbies are "fine" .. multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥"if you could play it".. whene ever i join a lobby i get kicked before the match start.. the thing is COD is dead and this game is a disgrace.i want my free back !!! it's making my library ugly.
My computer meets all requirements and game don't work!!! would love my money back .
why
All around poor game. No anti cheat, no lobbies, and extreme frame drops.I dont have great specs, but I cant even run the game on low without experiencing frame issues.FX-8350GTX 10608GB Ram7200 RPM performance DriveThis video shows one of the better experiences I've had with the game, and it was still horrendous. Activision has apparently exhausted all suggestions for me, and suggested I refund the game, but Valve says no because I have 7 hours of trying to fix the fram drop issues logged. Maybe 20 minutes of actual gameplay. Avoid at all costs, Modern Warfare Remastered has just as many issues.
Lol the best carma ive ever seen for not listening to the ENTIRE community. #RipCOD
laptop is unable to run this game
Game sucks, period. I own this on PS4 aswell and I don't have a great time on both sides.
it was nice knowing you activision,
where to start SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T single player awesome but others SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T SH!T  SH!T
Now this is the second review I've done so here goes:As an FPS, I like this game. Nice guns, some have a secondary function like switching to a shotgun spray and the characters are decent. The sort of laser weapon that acts like a lightning cannon is rather lacklustre honestly in terms of damage output. I enjoyed the space/air missions though. For me the game runs pretty stable and I haven't gotten lag in the zombie missions.But now to why I don't recommend this game: Activision's greed. As this game has not been doing so well in terms of sales, they added in game purchases(drop boxes being one of them), the separated the playerbase between those that bought it on the Windows Store and Steam (don't know if they fixed it though.), the Remaster that does not have all of its content(Which comes as DLC, yay, *roll your eyes here and shake your head*) but they also made it so you can not get it unless you get the Legacy Edition.Also it takes forever to find people to play with anymore thanks to all the hate this game gets and rightfully so. The only way a studio heeds anything is by hitting its pocket and with CoD being one of its big cash cows, if people hate on it and don't buy into their cheap tricks, they should break their habit. In an ideal world though. TL:DR, good game, horrible studio with greedy tendencies.
Maailmankaikkeuden paskin peli ime ittees.
Activision, seriously?You lock the game people actually wanted to play into a mandatory bundle in attempt to inflate sales of IW out of fear of a poor release. You shoehorn paid lootboxes into the game simply because you can see others are succeeding with the same marketing strategy, and see an opportunity to milk more from the few who suffer from addictive tendencies. You once again have the gall to charge stupid money up front for a season pass, with no guarantee of any kind of quality. Not to mention at a price that pressures players who enjoy your game to buy all at once, rather then simply releasing DLC and charging a flat rate for what the player wants.And now, finally, your re-releasing DLC for a remastered game. You do this despite the fact that every other remastered release has chosen to include all post launch DLC (which, on it's own merit, would have been a♥♥♥♥♥♥move to begin with)....For more money they the DLC originally costed... and not included in the season pass!Activision seems hell bent on running the Call of Duty series into the ground, not by poor game releases, but by alienating and downright insulting it's player base. Everything they do is a desperate attempt to strangle more cash out of fans of the series.Enough is enough. I could justify buying IW, honestly I actually enjoyed IW. I could ignore the loot crates, they where only optional after all. But this is the line. I will not stay here and continue to be insulted by a publisher who treats there player base like♥♥♥♥♥♥
Activision, seriously?You lock the game people actually wanted to play into a mandatory bundle in attempt to inflate sales of IW out of fear of a poor release. You shoehorn paid lootboxes into the game simply because you can see others are succeeding with the same marketing strategy, and see an opportunity to milk more from the few who suffer from addictive tendencies. You once again have the gall to charge stupid money up front for a season pass, with no guarantee of any kind of quality. Not to mention at a price that pressures players who enjoy your game to buy all at once, rather then simply releasing DLC and charging a flat rate for what the player wants.And now, finally, your re-releasing DLC for a remastered game. You do this despite the fact that every other remastered release has chosen to include all post launch DLC (which, on it's own merit, would have been a♥♥♥♥♥♥move to begin with)....For more money they the DLC originally costed... and not included in the season pass!Activision seems hell bent on running the Call of Duty series into the ground, not by poor game releases, but by alienating and downright insulting it's player base. Everything they do is a desperate attempt to strangle more cash out of fans of the series.Enough is enough. I could justify buying IW, honestly I actually enjoyed IW. I could ignore the loot crates, they where only optional after all. But this is the line. I will not stay here and continue to be insulted by a publisher who treats there player base like♥♥♥♥♥♥
If you are willing to pay over $90 for MW remastered, well... I recommand you to think again. IF you are expecting something 'not bad' for the main game(a fXXking expensive game-like sXXt actually), you MUST THINK.
no
I got this game for the PC because it was on sale. However, I have a LOT of time on the counsole (PS4) and can write a fair review. I have been playing COD since COD 4, and I dont focus on the single player ever. I loved the evolution of the warfare to modern weapons, but from ghost on, with the exception of BO2, the fanchise has gotten worse. And I have a feeling they will keep "remastering" the games to make money. I hate the micro transaction, over priced DLC, and poor matinence. they are going down and it will, as I fear, never be the same. The last three COD games have nurfed the skill and made it easier to just play. Sounds fun right? However when you have as many hours/years of game play in and some young kid "This is my first COD" with a LMG camping in the corner kills you, it gets frustrating. I am hoping that there will be another COD like game that actually cares more about the game and its customers than making more and more unwarrented money.
Trash
Terrible
horrible!!!!!!
the worst cod there is, bland and boring story, glitchy and (i did kinda like the advanced movement from aw and bo3) very bad movement for multiplayer, there are much better zombies modes out there (waw and bo3). i havent really played many terrible games, but this is certainly one of the worst games ive played in my life
Don't Buy!!!Waiting 30 min que and no multiplayer matches!!!Infinity please check wat you are doing to the COD family!!!It was nice.....Campaign is working nice and graphics is AWSOME but with no multiplayer......Kind RegardsZ3BR4
This game is so unbalanced, dont buy not worth money and time, if ur new buy Bo3 instead of this.The game can be fun and im not saying its bad, but there are 2k players, you can play tdm and dom only, its unbalanced, not so pay to win as bo3 but all the variants or guns are not balanced, corner camps with shacguns, sniper shoots dont register. Rig weapons are unbalanced specialy the claw, the claw can outfight any other weapon in the game and its already unlocked at lvl1. The game has alot of issues like graphics, crashing, finding a mach 20 mins, you can fix that just look at the comunity hub.My recommendation? No. It doesnt feel like cod.
SMH
Gj do more star wars games ....
no
This game is a big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke, wasted 60$ for this♥♥♥♥♥♥..Infinity Ward should be close, " back to our root "...yeah, how about give me back 60$ and you can return to ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥hole...im amazed some♥♥♥♥♥♥head would even let this game developed. BIG♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥JOKE !!!
Do not Buy this game i repeat do not. multiplayer matchmaking doesnt work. i get sick of waiting to get into a match so i put cod black ops 3 get match straight away. pay for game i cant even play feeling ript off. try to contact activision its not possible there is no way to physicaly call them.  would ask for refund but i know thats a waste of time. SO DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR ANYTHING FROM INFINITY WARD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no
This game is a joke with all of the cheaters,hackers,boosters and wallers. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANY COD SERIES AGAIN. FK the greedy creators for not doing much about it.
Nothing works, pay to win.
Zombie mode is kind a fun but campaign and multyplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥:D
♥♥♥♥♥game, don't waste your time on this♥♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥game, don't waste your time on this♥♥♥♥♥♥
** REVIEW IS ABOUT MW:Remastered **About the base game itself, it looks absolutely amazing, especially the map Wetwork. The weapons play exactly like on the original game, my main is AK47, it's just amazing and it looks like some weapons are nerfed and some aren't as OP as before . They only added some new weapons, which I'm not a fan of, but it's nothing to cry about. The real deal starts with the optimization. It is  MW: remastered is the worst port I've ever seen in my entire life, horrible optimization, VERY BAD frame rates. It doesn't matter if you play on low, high, medium, SITTING IN THE MAIN MENU. EXTREMELY LAGGY. There are lag spikes on every game start, which last like a minute or two. When all the♥♥♥♥♥♥looks over, you get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing frame rates. Oh by the way the best thing is that the only game modes that people play are TDM and DOM. Nice Raven. Bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing kikes, money grabbing, big eared kikes. Make this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game atleast a stand-alone, you money grabbing kikelords. NO ONE is going to buy this crap for 80 bucks.Raven if you're reading this: HOW do you ♥♥♥♥ a simple, yet amazing game like this up. You had one job but you decided to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥Just installed infinite warfare to write this crap.
Call of Duty: Infinitely Dead Franchise. Never buying another CoD and I have been a loyal CoD fan since CoD 3. Futuristic♥♥♥♥♥♥is boring and old. Here is an idea Infinity Ward. BE ORIGINAL.
An alright game if the words call of duty were not in front of it.
Infinity ward, sthappppp
I thought that Call of Duty could not get any trashier. I was wrong.
Figgernaggot
I cannot play the infinite warfare on my windows 10, stopped working.
Do not buy!!! SCAMAZ
i left this review for no reason
I bought this game for MWR and i was dissapointed less than 1000 people play it and IW is total♥♥♥♥♥♥ No matter what they do to COD, even if they return to their roots i will never buy a game from them ever again because they will find some way to screw things up.
worst game ever if your going to buy just do not buy this if cancer could be game it's call of duty infinite cancer warfare very buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game
Call of Duty: Stopped Giving Any♥♥♥♥♥
Well I got the  $100.00 PC ver My wife Got the same one for XboxOne Game is worth maybe 5 bucks .Worst game they ever put out save your money its laggy the guns sound like♥♥♥♥♥♥will never buy another COD game from here on out waste of money.Titamfall is way better than this garbage.
No Jet packs, standing my foot down!!!!!!
>Whoops
Game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥af.Crashes a lot,many hackers in lobby and like game is really bad,                                                                  DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
'Hello there fleshy mammals' wtf activision, what has become of you in this past year? I played the free weekend and still got no fun whatsoever from the multiplayer. Such a lack of imagination.......
The cod series is basicly GG..... ohhh high tech cod advanced warfare ohhh tech cod black ops 3 ohh tech Cod Infinite Warefare rip
Horrible worst one ever even modern warfare . How can you f up after that one ? Bunch of young punks and money hungry executives I guess .
Got free weekend, couldn't play their broken game (or should i say, "Multiplayer Only"). Downloaded 40Gb for nothing I guess. Definitely will not be purchasing another game from Call of Duty until they actually get their act together.
What a BS game - a waste of money and time , only bought it for the remake.I've loved CoD games since CoD 2, played them all (even Ghosts) , I've kind of accepted their scripted events - that you don't have to actually do something other than running to a certain spot in time to trigger the next event to proceed in the game , later interrupted by some quick-time eventsThe thing that hooked me has always been the presentation and I always hoped that they'd do something about the AI teammates or challenge players in higher difficulties certainly not by inhuman targeting abilities of your enemies and stupid AI mates that will almost every time block your view to the enemy that shoots you.The presentation although isn't too bad , but if you're looking for a good preso, go watch a movie - you sadly won't find any memorable gameplay in here - I wish they'd start selling these in different set-ups - with and w/o MP.I'm guessing that this is the last nail to the CoD coffin - I'm probably too old or I've seen too much of the same...
In one sentence: The game is dead.This is last of three cods i bought (first was WaW which was okayish game and MW3 game i forgot that i have it, lol). Can't even find people online just to play zombie mod. FFs.
Trash.
while activision and electronic arts are fighting like kids...
great online gameplay in multiplayer and zombies (allthough around half my game time is in zombies lobby) campaign was unintresting but not bad.very disapointed to not be flying the little space ships online and having space battles. :(uninstalled after waiting around for the first dlc only to find out its not sold outside of the season pass package - theres also in game currency purchased through steam and together this feels like a poorly sold game squeezing its small loyal audiance for all they have. I dont know what the next cod game will be but this will definatly impact my decision to get it.
Too much cheaters in multiplayer.
framerate terrible on a gtx 550ti which is capable of playing black ops 3 on medium 1080p at 60fps
how can you mess something so simple up....everything feels different.
10-15 minutes to start play fist match on multiplayer (host end up, migration host etc), lagg, cheters ...
Multiplayer - NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL.When I actually buy the game, I'll do my thoughts on the Single Player Campaign.After years + years of playing CoD games + at least liking them enough to recommend (b/c I've been able to get decent time out of both the SP + MP and at least like both), even despite them sometimes jumping the shark even a little bit (i.e. see some of the futuristic CoD's) - they always felt grounded just enough in reality for me to say, "Okay, this is still CoD."CoD: IW MP for me did NONE of that. After two + a half hours (or so, according to Steam), this must be the worst CoD MP that I've played since CoD: Ghosts (another MP that I did not care for). While I wasn't fond of many of the Ghosts maps on MP (some of them felt too big for a CoD, given CoD is used to smaller player numbers per area + non-stop action), at least there were ONE map I'd like + gravitate towards. Not IW; didn't even like one map. CoD feels like CoD, for gunplay. If you liked CoD MP's, you'll at least be fine w/ that much of it. But, the movement itself felt like it was ripped out of Titanfall, where you can even walk along walls (though in one area, a space station of all places); do multiple jumps in air; in some places you had no ground + had to run along the walls. This just doesn't feel like CoD. Also since there are guns that shoot cold liquid + rail-like guns. Is this Quake? Is this Titanfall? Is this Unreal? A mixture of all of those, sure - but this game doesn't feel like CoD. Even with random loot + item drops (though by earning enough keys from your performance in matches, which is their twist here), this feels pretty much like Overwatch with you getting random loot drops. IW feels more like a way futuristic sci-fi shooter than an actual CoD. This game really shouldn't even have the CoD branding. While it does have the CoD MP trappings of leveling-up, MP maps, and their usual modes (FFA, TDM, Kill Confirmed, etc) - it also even on a Free Weekend didn't feel like many were playing.And, to make matters worse, it didn't really feel like there was anything new on game-modes to be offered-up. On the game-mode side, too much of "more of the same" and not much new here. Sure, it was easy to get into TDM (since it was what most were playing), but "good luck" getting into a MP game w/ Kill Confirmed (i.e. my favorite CoD MP-mode since it was introduced).For its performance, as well - which is very similar for me as my BF1 MP performance, oddly enough: basically around around 40-50 frames at 1440p on my i7 950 Bloomfield; 16 GB RAM DDR3; GTX 970; W7 64-bit - this game doesn't even run nor look in the realm of technical graphics quality that the current Battlefield 1 Multiplayer has going on (which is right now on a Free Weekend, as I type this). Seriously, if you're looking to do MP, which is always (normally + supposed to be) an important part of CoD - skip IW's MP and go play something else; anything else.
Game will not find full mutliplayer teams.  This is the worst I have ever seen.
Got it on the free weekend.Opened it up.Couldn't play campaign or zombies on trial.Tried custom games, didn't workTried online, didn't work.
v bad...........
It Wont Launch ♥♥♥♥ You
♥♥♥♥ you test your god damn updates iw
Rave in redwood does not work
History of CODs multiplayerCOD 1 2 and 3: people played them, cod4, COD gets tons of fans. COD5, the number of fans increases. COD MW2: the definiton of unbalance and cancer is introduced to COD. COD BO: did nothing, cuz ppl are too dumb to see how good of a game it was. COD MW3: people were tired as♥♥♥♥♥♥ COD BO2: a lot of the fans were brought back and many new ones came in.    Activision: Treyarch, good job with bo2, but no no, enough with the good♥♥♥♥♥♥ We need some innovative things. Since ppl loved hardcore, the new game will have hardcore like damage in core, and hardcore will be just a filler. Oh wait, we also need to exclude all the party games, because its obv enough ppl dont like dem. You didnt like the c4 in previous CODS? Take IEDS instead. Very fair if you ask us. Then we put bf4 conquest maps and add juggernaut dogs.   IW: We got it boys. They will like the game, its gonna be that cool. MW4 ON THE WAY BOYYS.  after a good trailer and eminem soundtrack: COD GHOSTS: fans complaining like hell and thousands uninstalling the game. Ten thousanDs destroying the game disc with lots of things. Dislikes upon dislikes and lots of roasts and refunds.   Activision: WHAT HAPPENED? WE HAD THE BEST IDEA EVER WITH THIS GAME. CMON MAN, EMINEM, BETTER GRAPHICS, SNOOP DOG AND MUCH MORE!!!! WHY WAS IT SO HATED?OH We know we know! THey dont like boots of the ground its logical. Many play titanfall now, we need a new setup, even though many told us this was not the problem, but, see? We want money so ♥♥♥♥ you. After a ♥♥♥♥ year, we have COD AW: new movement, everybody seemed to be OK with it.   normal player: But wait, what did I recieve after this kill? a supply drop? What is that? Gotta open it. WOW OH IM SO LUCKY. TRIPLE ENLISTED. I should use my enlisted laser gun futuristic em1 its so cool. Wait I got killed by something called speakeasy? ASM1 SPEAKEASY? OMG I WANT THIS SO BAD. but we dont have a paywall yet, so I gotta complain and review this game badly to get a way to buy supply drops.    normal player (after 8 months or so): OMG ADVANCED SUPPLY DROPS FOR SALE. LETS BUY: OMG ATLAS SENTINEL BOOTS WTF WHY DOESNT IT GIVE ME SPEAKEASY. NO NO NO, I DONT WANT THE NIGERIAN COMMAND KNEE PADS. I WANT GUNS!!!!!! THIS SYSTEM IS SO BROKEN ♥♥♥♥ IT GOTTA UNINSTALL THIS GAME AND NEVER PLAY IT!  and so COD AW took its misery bath, even though it was a decent game. Some even complained about how exos ruin the flow.   Activision: WTF MAN, what is our franchise missing? Is it the exos, the innovative♥♥♥♥♥♥we keep on putting into our games, our greed? No no way, thats not the reason. HEY TREYARCH YOU HOMIES COME HERE!!!   Treyarch: sup?   Activision: YOU MAKE ME GAME NEW BLACK OPS AND MAKE SURE TO NOT CONTINUE THE PREVIOUS CAMPAIGNS, NO NO, WE GOTTA FOCUS ON MULTIPLAYER if you do that, I will fire your asses, and you will be left in the streets. Make sure to include exos, because all love it. Also, make exos less jumpy, this seems like our only good decision so far.    Treyarch: We know what to do. Expect selenary results. And so it was! BO3: Managed to wake up a lot of our community and revived a lot of the playerbase, outsolding modern warfare 3. The gameplay was mostly smooth, and the supply drop system was fair, at least in the beginning.   Activision: Man, this game was HIT! but the money from the game aint cool. We gotta step it up, and roast the COD points from black ops, turning them into the worst paywall this franchise has ever seen. We gotta ensure that our sex slaves, Tmartn, ALIA, ITankid and much more support this♥♥♥♥♥♥, and we'll give them free♥♥♥♥♥♥ so everyone can be jealous! HA.   Treyarch: I have an idea: lets bring the classic guns and turn them into robots: HG40, mx garand and much more. They will surely pay alot. And when the game is about to die, we add m16 and other♥♥♥♥♥♥so we revive the playerbase again. Then add the xmc and the olympia and totally mess up the balance of the multiplayer, as if it already wasnt by the breccis po6s and vmps and vespers. Great game plan, so we leave every player with a bad taste in their mouths at the end of this games lifespan. Lets not forget to mention that our zombies experience is the glitchiest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, and after we fix even 1 glitch, other 100 glitches take its place. GG EZ. LETS NOT FORGET TO PUT ALOT OF IDLE SWAY AND NOT INCLUDE TOUGHNESS: HAHAHA TAKE THAT YOU HATERS! Another phase has ended, and we prepare for cod 2016. 5 months ago: COD GHOSTS II IN SPACE OMG. community in MID 2016: Hmm. COD IW. lets watch the trailer. HMm good, nice graphics, looks like the story is gonna be interesting. Ok, ok, good, nothing wron- WAIT. WHAT WAS THAT AT THE TOP LEFT OF THE SCREEN? EXO JUMPS LIKE BO3. SO RIP DISLIKE DISLIKE DISLIKE AND A LOT OF OVERUSED JOKES LIKE: WHY IS COD IW IN SPACE, BECAUSE NO ONE ON ♥♥♥♥ING EARTH WANTS TO BUY IT HAHAHAH EXDEE LOOOL.  first day of the game. community hub ---> 600 players playing this right now. WTF??? Wow. Lets see how bad this♥♥♥♥♥♥is.    First match on: WTF IS THIS??? WOW THE NEW ASM1 INBOUND BOYS! NV4. WOW. SUPPLY DORPS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ARE BACK. WELL HELLO QUARTERMASTER: MAY I OPEN THIS CRATE? LETS SEE: COMMON COMMON COMMON. FUUUUUCK   Quartermaster: NOW THAT'S A SUPPLY DROP.      And so the game moved on, receiving as much hate as it deserved, maybe a little bit more. Instead of getting more players, it got overloaded with memes and microtransactions.  COD WW2: we are not far enough to write something about it. If you still here and you see this msg, this is preety much meant to parodise everything that was wrong with the new COD titles. I say this, I do not hate on Activision, Treyarch or Iw, or even Sledgehammer. I even had decent fun with the new titles. This was written for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggs. Peace!
have not been able to play domination in either games. very empty and time to kill very short. This games highlight is the campaign which is average at best. it's basically a futuristic pearl harbor.
If I wanted to play Starcraft then I would've bought it. After playing Black Ops, I am really disappointed in this game.
No, just no.
trash ... plain and simple when are they going to stop this gaylow feel type of garbage? dont waste your money on this crap!!!1
craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap
Thai îs the best Call Of Duty ....Said nobody ever...
♥♥♥♥♥game
Accidently purchased the UK version, can't play it in Aus now i think you did me a favor because the game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and i only purchased it to play Cod MW Remastered. Waste of $$
THIS IS THE BEST CALL OF DUTY IN HISTORY !said nobody ever
Mediocre at best. Go buy Titanfall 2
Mediocre at best. Go buy Titanfall 2
DLC not sold seperatly, only way to get any is to pay $50 on season pass. â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ off.
I usaly get low fps and i think the graphics is not good as csgo tf2 and a ton
Thumbs Down
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game
Nope. Don't buy this. Go back and play the Modern Warfare games. Those are better. I have purposely stayed away from CoD because of Advanced Warfare and ghosts. I decided to get this on the free weekend because I wanted to see what the next bad CoD would be. I also wanted to play zombies some, but it's blocked behind a paywall. I'm starting to wonder if this marks the final nail in the coffin for CoD, which would suck because the boots on the ground (HINT TREYARCH!) games like MW4 are so great. Also, the fact that they blocked Modern Warfare Remastered behind a paywall is horrible. If they just remastered a boots on the ground game every year, they would probably have more sales, because boots on the ground are what people enjoy. To the people at Treyarch, make a boots on the ground game, because it's what people (myself included) enjoy. That's why Battlefield 1 has been more favored by people this and last year. Also, get rid of supply drops and variants, please just save everyone the hassle. The 12 year olds that steal their dads credit card don't help this situation.
The Game always freezes
I thought this game would be good because i like cod but it keeps on crashing and i have a intel core 7 and a gtx 1060
We all know why you bought this game, Modern Warfare Remastered.So this review will be for that, not IW, no one plays that bullocks.So without further ado, my review for MWR:ENEMY UAV SPOTTEDHOSTILE UAV IN THE AIRThat should give you an idea of the game.
bad lag  cheating out the♥♥♥♥♥they got your money dont give a rats♥♥♥♥♥probably my last cod horrible
In my opinion the Zombie Modus is amazing but i dont wannt to pay 50€ for a Season Pass to play a New Map.
DO NOT buy this game, i wish i could like it however after about 4 hours of game play the game just stoped working. as in i can look at the main menu and thats about it. if you change the setting it crahes, try to play multiplayer crashes, try to play zombies crashes, even campaign crashes. this game is the most brocken game i have ever seen! also i have a gtx 1080 so it sure as hell is not my hardware.
Too Much Like BO3- BO3 was great, but this game basically rips it off, its the exact same.Pros: -Movement is great  - game runs very smoothly with the engine that is used.Cons:-there is basically no gun balance-Maps have bad design-guns have no thought put into them-constant ripping off of BO3 (IMO) -tries to remaster MW as a selling point for this terrible game
Just no...
bad man ting, init fam
Biggest waste of money.the game starts but nothing loads i can't play custom game or online it keeps loading all the time.worse part i can't even change a graphics option otherwise it will crash.WARNING NEVER BUY THIS GAME !!!
Sucks Balls 0/10 #nohate
If you really just want multiplayer, let me give you the "low down". Infinite Warfare's player base on PC is dimunitive and more split than even console. If you just want to endulge yourself in multiplayer, just go console, for any multiplayer game for that matter, because the console multiplayer community is way more active than the PC community when it comes to Tripple A multiplayer games. On PC, the community is split between Windows and Steam for a game seldomly played by it's consumers. So if you want to avoid repeating the same two game modes, on and on while waiting forever in a lobby during the off hours (playing morning and weekdays Eastern US Time, is basically a ghost town) you must sure as hell avoid buying this game on PC.I would have never bought this game if it wasn't below half price to be honest. Putting the game on trial and halfing the price, got me very interested. I played the multiplayer, this being the first time I ever played a COD game on PC, it was extremely satisfying that the game ran between High and Ultra at 60fps and almost never had latency. I was so impressed, I dropped my bias towards the game and took advantage of the price drop. A VERY RARE thing for COD games, especially never heard of for a game just released. HALF PRICE within one year, obviously their marketing feels the preassure of aggressive critics. I tried the game out when it was on Trial, with a modest approach.BUT AFTER I BOUGHT THE GAME, GO FIGURE I HAD A SEVER ISSUE WITH THE FRAME RATE. I TRIED TIPS, EVERYTHING I CAN FIND AND I AM GETTING 20-6 FPS. THIS HAS BETRAYED ME. And I am almost 100% sure it had to do with an update I was forced to add after buying it and having the trial remaining installed. I am assuming the trial has a different modification from the actual retail game. Because my trial experience of 2 hours of gameplay was fine compared to the gameplay after purchase. And no I didnt make any changes to my computer. Multiplayer Experience: The modes in multiplayer are not as plentiful as previous installments, they are probably quarter the amount of Black Ops 2 mode availability, on the lobbies besides TDM and Domination are empty. For a game within it's first year of realease and harping on multiplayer, that's very contradicting. But though the game is futuristic with laser guns and propulsion, I do find that I am able to compete with mundane shooter tactics just well, without rellying on equipments besides my primary weapon, which is good. I'm a COD player before Battlefied, and I like fast paced, arcade shooters that allows me to use basic shooter tactics. And I dont mind skid-shooting people who spam propulsion.Also you can tell the multiplayer category has at least innovated with brief interaction with npcs, displays and ect. Though the store is the halmark why COD even exists, because that's what makes multiplayer lucrative for them, but i ignore it.Campaign Experience: The acting is good and the design is allright for a competitive game in 2017, but not impressive. When it comes to military infantry plots, I expect to see more horror, suspence, twist and excellent military culture. I feel like those the weren't outstanding in this game so i wasn't too immersed in the campaign like i was in Modern Warfare and Black Ops. Plus after a climax in the story, the rest seems to drag out too much and end very boring. Not even in a good COD cliff hanger. My only reccomendation of this game is situational. Generally I do not reccommend any game at full price. My consumer style is watch noncommentary or amateur Twitch gameplay, usually unbiased reviwers like AngryJoe, try the game, wait a year after release for updates and for the price drop. To of course have a more educated consumer approach at the game to avoid feeling completely dissapointed like most braindead consumers. But if you like speed shooters, go for it. At half price.
you better save your money because this game is not worth it.
this game is bad i only played the free weekend and i still want my moeny back
my mrs brought this for xmas as a present i tell her its a brilliant game (im glad she paid for this crap and not me)
Nah.
How to get overwhelmingly negative reviews in a game.1. Free weekend.2. Lock 90% of the game content.3. ???4. There ya go! How to make your game look like a dumps- never mind, it is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Absolutely garbage...
I'm not bandwaggoning here, I actually liked the feel of the game on console so I bought it on PC. THIS IS THE WORST FPS I HAVE EVER PLAYED ON PC. First of all, there's your classic lag compensation crap, with one player in the lobby being a god that poops in the mouths of the other players. Then you have the sensitivity. The mouse input constantly stutters, raw input apparently means dynamic sensitivity, because the sensitivity changes in stutters as I am playing, and the ADS sensitivity has no slow down whatsoever. Call of Duty, you are done. I will not give you another chance until the rest of the world proves me wrong. Quit making s*** games when you have the highest budget of any game EVER, you stingy bastards.
Feels like an unfinished version of Black Ops III
Now i dont have alot of hours in this game to tell you not to buy this game. But coming from a black ops 3 perspective which was a decent game on pc. infact 800hrs told me that I noticed. This game is disappointing because the killstreaks are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the characters such as the robots look ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ , the colours are dim in many of the maps  its not as colourful like a bo3 Nuketown for instance. i have a 980 and the game is locked to 90 fps , now this is opinion is a divided matter but i wud of liked the  "advantage of more fps " then the average pc player.As for the supply drops , I really couldnt care for them I mean it was expected to be in the game so no fault there on infinity ward I mean atleast in this game salavage can earn u the " better guns " so to speak , which is a +1 over bo3.Cod 4 remastered.My only experience with cod4 is when I played the game on ps3 back in the day.  Most pc players say the original cod4 is better I belive that is why cod4 rm and Infinite warfare  Do Not have a anti cheat system in place.
It is not a bad game, but it is a Very bad call of duty
Fun game, but pretty bland in comparison to other AAA FPS games. Buy Titanfall, BF1, or wait for the next CoD, in which Triarch and Activision finally decided to listen to their playerbase and not make a futuristic game. This is just based on the free weekend and playing it on other people's accounts at random times, mind you, so if the theme of the game interestes you then who am I to tell you how to spend your money? The single-player is good, but short. The multiplayer is bland, but fun.
It took so long to download for the free weekend I barely had time to play it at all. 50gb is a hefty download for some multiplayer content. The game feels like just another call of duty clone that has stopped feeling revolutionary and fun which is a real shame for a series with such brilliant games behind it. Maybe pick it up reduced if you're stuck for something to do one weekend.
This game is the worst call of duty ever. I only played during the free weekend but there was way more than enough from it. Microlags during thight combat situations terrible graphics even in max. I dont recommend to anybody even if you like halo.
This game is rendered useless to me because i have what seems to be an unfixable error (codenamed error:Bergunda) I have searched forums and cant find out anything on this error but because of it i cant get into a multiplayer game. I join the lobby and then the game starts the game startup screen is shown then i get kicked for the error. Please fix this!
The multiplayer and gameplay feels different and plays really well. It looks exactly the same but it feels fluent and good. The optimization is amazing. Sounds are good but some are kind of ripped off the other cods. Zombies is fun nothing too crazy though. The real dissapointment of this game is the fact that no one plays it :/ for that reason it's just not worth getting.
welcome to copy pastealright first thing i have to say is i cant even ♥♥♥♥en load the game if i even click the start butten in a multiplayer match it dosent load alright secoundly even on console its just a clone of cod bo3 so i sold it and bought titan fall 2 the only thing i think is good is the zombie mode but if you want a good version of this game get cod bo3 on ps4
WHERE IS THE NEW SABOTAGE DLC FOR XBOX ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ITS THE 2ND OF MARCH AND TS 7AM AND STILL NOTHING , WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY????????????
THIS IS ♥♥♥♥IN STAR WARS
Only got it for zombies, every other mode is absolute trash, not even worth spending time on multiplayer. Other than the redundant campain and multiplayer the zombies is really fun - classic boots on the ground and is pretty easy to get into the groove of things, customizable guns, cool perks, a bunch of fun things to do in zombies and will always keep you coming back.
This is honestly one of the worst games ive ever played everythings fans didnt want we got.
Very nice free weekend!After, that i download the game (>50Gbs), it doesnt start (You do not own this product).-Did i missed something? - I was about to search some answers in google.-It is multiplayer free weekend! - Google answered.-Wonderfull!! - i was really surprised and deleted the game.
Poorly optimised, and on the "free weekend" you dont even get the full game.
VAC Ban is Sucks Dont Buy It
Its like buying♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥Game !
MWR should be sold seperately. The only reason it can't be is becuase you can Infinite Warfare sales look good even though the game is horrible. The microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t should not have been added to MWR either. MW is a title that shaped modern shooters and once again activision have♥♥♥♥♥♥on their customers and destroyed something that could have been great.
nahhyou should not buy this game, Black Ops III is a LOT better than this game and if you have already Black Ops III keep playing it :)
the short time i got to play this trash of a game, i did not enjoy it, at all. Altough i only got to test the multiplayer. The multiplayer was bad because the matchmaking was so unbalanced. It makes it really difficult for a new fresh player like me. I mean meeting people thats in level 50 when you are level 1 isn't that fun.
hell no
hell no
The mechanics of the game and the play style simply aren't enjoyable.  The game feels super repetitive and honestly I was bored of the game very quickly.  Its just not the same as the older call of duty games.  The only reason I would buy this is for the Remastered game.
To be fair, I like the art of this game more then Black OPS 3. Infinite Warfare is a step back from the technical improvements Black OPS 3 put into place. I tend to like IW's take on Call of Duty more. Seeing as how I game mostly on PC, 3arch seems to be the only team that can make a some what OK-ish port of Call of Duty. Maybe someday IW will make a good PC port but this isn't one of them sadly.
need to bring back the original call of duty, everything after world at war is crap
WASTE OF MONEY.
As part of the free weekend, I can't say I would have recommended anyone to bother with this game. The Game is poorly optimized and fails to keep a steady framerate. The menus are a downgrade from last year. Options are harder to find and the default controls are terrible. The game is also imbalanced. Certain weapons are obviously stronger than others and the lack of dedicated servers and servers browers bring this game below the PC standards. The Call of Duty franchise could gain a strong PC following if Activision would just invest in a proper PC port. Alas we are stuck with each new installment being worse in quality every year and the PC version being more broken.
Terrible game, stutters all the time (I have a 970 and a i7-4790k), the multiplayer is terrible and p2w, zombies is not even worth trying because it's so bad. Never got past the 1st mission in singleplayer because it's just as bad as the rest of the game.
Worst online ever!
Well... It's fun vs bots to me. Didn't play campaign very long, but, it's decent work for a company of new people-stooges that have no idea what they are doing. :p  - zombies is alright too. The multiplayer is useless, because: Either they use crappy P2P, the cheapest Hybrid, or dedicated servers in the world. Terrible matchmaking, whenever you are seen; you are dead instantly, no chance to fight back.*Good to me*Runs 10x better than crapops 3 for me. Every map loads instantly on ssd, and i keep maxfps 85 steady all the time, even when upsampling Resolution to 2k, every setting on highest except shadows, and depth of field garbage.I like the guns, and the map colors; they have improved dramatically since ugly, boring Ghosts.--------------------------------*The bad, and the ugly.*The netcode settings in ALL CoD games by default is STILL Dial Up year 2000 networking variables. "/Snaps 20" and "/com_maxpackets 30". They are called.The original Infinity Ward first implemented in CoD 2, their own netcode edit which gives people with worse connections the ability to see you before you see them. (dying behind walls, etc.) that used to be called a CVAR: "/cl_antilag 1"---------------------------------------specs: i7 2600k, gtx 970, 12 gb ddr3 ram, crucial mx200 250gb ssd.
As a long time Call of Duty fan all the way back to vCoD and UO which I played religiously, I was excited for the prospect of this new call of duty, especially since the deluxe edition came prepacked with what I though was the best and most balanced COD (Modern Warfare remastered).  I dropped $100 waited patiently for launch day, when it arrived I was finally able to experience a jump/slidefest that was quickly full of cheaters lacking any real innovation or intrique to keep me coming back.  Wasted $100, now its $29.99.  If you are looking for a CoD to play, Modern Warfare remastered is it, sadly no one seems to play it on hardcore and match making seemingly takes forever during non peak hours.  Whenever a talented group decides to split from these big companies and make a quality FPS with dedicated servers again, the FPS throne will be yours to take.Would only be fitting as Infinity Ward started this same way.
u cant even play it, they took my 40gb and my freedomi want my free back ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ infinity ward.                                                                                                                          signed by dat guy on xbox360 who plays codŧ¼¾œðŋħß↓¾ß→ð←ŧłæłææðæ”æß¢æł½ß↓ħŧħßĳŋħð”“ ” ðæ¼łæ¾¾ŧø←ŧ→ĳĸĳĸµŉ
FUN AT FIRST, PROBABLY GETS STALE QUICKALL THIS FUTURISTIC CRAP IS GETTING OLD.
they sell this bullchit♥♥♥♥♥game for much money. what do you think we are a tree that grown money? no the ♥♥♥♥
this game is dead no one plays it. zombies is alright but takes 30 mins just to find one person and 3 days to find the second, the third... there in no third one. ohh and also no one plays this game so why bother trying too look for a game.
Purchased this game during the winter steam sale and since then have not been able to get it work. Every time that I load the campaign it goes through the initial cutscene and then just crashes before the spinning circle has completed loading. Zombies and multiplayer are also unable to load. Not sure what to expect from this going forward because update after update has not resulted in a functioning game.I have put in a bug report through Activision for the game and have even tried to deal with tech support through Twitter to no avail. My computer is more than capable enough to play the game and that is incredibly disappointing that I have run into this issue. A friend of mine also tried to play it over the weekend while it was free to play and he wasn't able to get it to load.Specs:Intel Core i7 6700k processor32 Gb Ram2x 980 Ti in SLIThis is a blackeye on Activision and Inifinity Ward's reputation and I will not be buying any COD releases after this disaster.At least on the brightside, the Remastered COD 4 works like a charm. Too bad this one didn't.
cant even join a game
its gut
BIGGEST PILE OF ♥♥♥♥ I HAVE SEEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE
I've bought the game but every time I tryed to play the campaign it crashed after a longtime in a loading screen after the first videoclip. The same with the multiplayer it will crash all the time, can some one tell me how to fix it?
very dissapointed in infinite warfare. still dont have all the gamemodes xbox one and ps4 have. lots of connection issues takes almost 15 minutes to find a lobby and when you finally get into a lobby its with people you have played with before countless of times. DO NOT BUY
DUM DUM IT WONT EVEN LOAD IS JUST SHOWS BLACK DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
If u wanna throw away money,buy cod iw FOR PC !U will get special things for 60 €-cancerous community-dead multiplayer-a lot of bugs-a lot of hackers-no anticheat Only good thing on this game is zombies...
Same Old same Old
bad texture even on high definition and very bad connection long in
preloading shaders simulator*update* SERIOUSLY DOES IT HAVE TO PRELOAD SHADERS LIKE EVERY TIME IT LAUNCHES??????????
As previously stated, game has a lag. This causes players to get angry, including myself. You shoot your enemy enough times for them to die yet you die first. This is VERY frustrating and has stopped me from enjoying the game.You can only play TDM as there's no enough players playing other modes.
Got it FREE. Played it... deleted it. Just don't waste you life and money waiting for this to download.
This game is fun but nobody plays it, I have once been in a lobby for zombies for over 30 minutes because you cant just start the game with 2 or 3 people you have to wait untill the lobby is completely full and this is why games never get started.
Hardly ever play MP, getting shot at around corners is not fun, shoot first and usually always die first, the lag compensation in this game is dire.
I was excited about the game, downloaded like 50 gigs of data, tried it for free.Started with multiplayer (and probably that's where I made the biggest mistake). Match was complete chaos and although the graphics were pretty good I got pwned too many times to enjoy the game, so it ended up quite soon. Not for me.
Money grabbers releaser cod 4 alone ♥♥♥♥ing bandits
Could not join games and everytime I tried to make changes to the graphics it chrashed.
♥♥♥♥♥♥game
won't start
i did not really like it i mean not like that bad but still the only thing i like is that u can fly for a second or two.
I got this game hoping to play it and it will load up but if i play the campain it will play the cutscene but it wont load past a certin point then it shuts off and if i go for the main menu to zombies then go back to the main menu it freezes then shuts off i really what to play the game so i hope they can fix this bug.
I'd rather eat dog♥♥♥♥♥
This type of♥♥♥♥♥♥is why I buy Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2, pay to play, pay to win.
I just tried out the "Free MP Weekend" after downloading the game, it would not let me even start a MP match. Got all the wat to "loading match" then it would CTD. I did get to "play" the customize loadout with the starter weapons though....
Total rip off, when it actally works you wait for ever to play multiplyer and then you get kicked for no apparent reason.No Server browser. bad game, very bad! DONT BUY THIS IF YOU ENJOY MULTIPLAYER.If you are waiting in the log in screen it's looks like they count that as game time played and in my opionion it's not.
Call Of Duty Infinite Warfare is the worst Call Of Duty in my opinion. Yes it is in space but it is also a space sim which I know lots of COD fans will not like...I also dont like it in a COD game. The only good thing about this game was that it gave us Modern Warfare Remastered . It was the only reason why I bought this game. But dont get Infinite Warfare cause it is 62 gbs of space wasted. Unless of course its %60 off. Infinite Warfare is also very buggy. It seems like a beta game. In all Infinite Warfare is worth trying for free but i would give it 3/10. Dont get this game, even if its just for MWR( if its not on sale)!
very poorly optimized especialy for controller users, zombies is fun but gets boring, not like codbo3 at all for zombies, made for console not for pc, frame rate is low on a high end system graphics are that of modern warfare, and  target lock on controller is gone, disappointed in this cod unlike the cods from the past.
I have played every COD game since the beginning (COD2 is the best), and this is by far the worse one in the series. Since launch, all I have played is 3 hours. It got so boring with hardly any gameplay (2 mins gameplay followed by 5 mins video scenes over-and-over) equals a game you just can't get your teeth into - and as soon as it got ridiculous flying around in space, I stopped playing. All the realism, intense gameplay are gone. Compared to Advance Warfare- the difference is night & day, I Just wasn't enjoying the game and don't see myself playing it again. Tells you all you need to know about this game.As a side note, I believe Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered was released at the same time to compensate for COD Infinite Warfare being such a poor, complete mess of a game. COD:MW was/is a briliant game and I highly recommend you get the remastered version... something tells me it won't be around forever and will become rare.
controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist controller aim-assist I WANT MY FREE BACK
not an enjoyable game very bad
TRASH
I might as well play no mans sky
gg no re
The community is the most digusting I've ever seen. No one has any sort of talent and just jumps around the map like a rabbit. If you enjoy watching killcams, this game is for you!
Nearly all Call of Duty players are sick of this futuristic rubbish.
I really wish I hadn't bought this... I made the move from console gaming to primarily PC and I'm so devastated at the lack of playerbase.  It's absolutely inexcusable.  There's no one to play with!  How does this happen?  If you want a somewhat fun single-player campaign, go for it.  But for the LOVE OF GOD don't buy the upgraded versions with all the extra DLC packs like I did.  I feel so let down I honestly feel betrayed.  Like, they KNEW no one would play this online yet they still sell it for the same price as the console version.  If they lowered the price, they might get a few more people to play.  I'm just so sad and devastated.  I was really looking forward to enjoying this game, but there's no one to play with. You can sometimes get in Team Deathmatch, but there's a bazillion playlists with literally ZERO people in them.  I've never seen a SINGLE PERSON in Gun Game.
Dear Activision/Infinty Ward You are a disgrace. You are the worst. I hate you with a passion. I will try my best to make other people hate you too. Call of Duty: Inifnite Warfare is a failed project. It should have been cancled, deleted and its files recycled in the recycle bin. The game is absolutely horrible. 75% of the game's lackluster content is locked as the game must be purchased. "You can have a free weekend, but only play our terrible, laggy and boring matchmaking which has been the exact same since ghosts, Except now the maps are even more complicated, you play as robots and not humans, and you shoot lazers, not bullets. Which is of course an overall failure and no improvement has been done since this studio's previous game. My experience : I spawn, I get blown up by an explosion (I don't know the source of the explosion).I spawn, I get spawn killed by an enemy. (I don't know where the enemy was or where I was myself) I spawn, I get sucked in by a red/purple ball of dark light (I think it was a granade)I spawn, I wonder around an unoriginal boring map to find an enemy which I manage to kill. I am then quickly found and murdered by an enemy while reloading my gun which I do not remember the name of as the guns all look the same and have a forgetable and stupid name. I spawn, I get blown up by an explosion (This time I know it's a spaceship) I leave game. 0/10 - Would rather die.
I suggest that you go to Origin and buy Titanfall 2 instead.
Tried that free weekend thing. I want my 1h of my life back
It's WANK
why would u buy this game? is there even a question its dead on pc!
A timeless story of human self-discovery and connection, Infinite Warfare talks about the life of a young black man from childhood to adulthood as he struggles to find his place in the world while growing up in a rough neighborhood of Mars.
Cant Play this game it crash so mutch when im going in to campain it crash This game SUCK
Do you want a 60$ game?With a 60$ seasonpass +microtransactions?That had to hold hostage the remastered cod game to get sales?Sing me up to the nope train.
nope
Not worth it.
This game could be a full time play for free game.. would still suck. I want my free back. RIP CoD
Oh cool, another epic "FREE WEEKEND!" """gift""" from infinity war- Whoops, except It isn't really a free weekend as they have (yet again) locked most of the content & gameplay with the reason that, and I quote "You do not own this product". It's a glorified, temporary demo which means I just downloaded 50 gb of the typical wasted potential that is the call of duty series to leave a negative review so you don't have to follow in my footsteps.You're welcome!------------------EDIT:If you're enjoying having your time and money saved by heads-up like these, you may want to check out my curation service that aims to do just that:
Multiplayer maps are few and small. Zombie mode is locked. So the game is essentialy worst CoD ever!
Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥but i need to make this review longer so heres a link to my screenshots. Make sure to like on all of them. There are not that many.
I wanted to try Infinite warfare during its free weekend event. However I did not ever had the chance to play, as every time (I trying to either start up multiplayer or joing a game) will give me a infinite loop, or Lost Connection error. Real shame, Activision seem rushed into throwing this game at 50% to make last couple bucks. I wanted to play this game, play their latest Call of Duty series. I hope this is the end of futuristic gun fight, for Activision.
Twice the price for the same game as last year.
Im really dissapointed :(
played free multiplyer weekend there were server isues/host migrations played about 10 matches disconnected 3 times( isues were not my end) not exactly a great ad.
Awful. No Search and Destroy and useless gamemodes. All the same pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Just the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as last year with an updated UI.
I wish I could un-play this game
Wait for this game to get priced at $20 or less, definitely not worth $60, not even $30. I didn't buy this game, I played the free weekend, so I didn't get the full experience, but the multiplayer isn't great, and it's very dull. It had it's moments where i enjoyed it, definitely a mediocre, lack-luster fps.
just dont buy it ..this the worst game ever -worst optimisation even with good pc- a new dlc bo3 .. this shity game is horrible dont waste your money and your time
This game just isnt call of duty, worst one in the series yet
I'm going to put as much effort into this review as Activision do with the Call of Duty series.Awful.
It started as buying cod for the campaign then, the multiplayer and campaign, then the multiplayer zombies campaign then, multiplayer and zombies then, not so much multiplayer more here for the zombies, and now im stuck wether cods worth it or not anymore.2/10 zombies good everything else♥♥♥♥♥wait till it goes on sale get deluxe for MWR and zombies 10/10 snag
Played only the mutiplayer since it was free weekend.  Wow.  I cannot believe people would buy this game with they're hard earned money.  Game is literlly the same as the past 10 installations.  Call of Duty has gotten so bad.  I'm going to go out on a limb here and say its' graphics and sounds are the same as Modern warfare.  Cut scenes look good though LOL!!!!  2 out of 10 on this.
I played the Open Beta, and had one simple conclusion: This game is♥♥♥♥♥ Thank you. :D(It could be a really great and amazing game, if it was free)
The VAC is very poor beacause there are a lot of players who plays with aimbot and other cheats.  To this day I bought all CoD but i think this one is the last one. You must do something better to stop this. There is no fun to play the game with this  problem. I can' t understand what is the fun to play like that.O VAC é muito pobre porque há muitos jogadores que jogam com aimbot e outros cheats. Até hoje, comprei todos os CoD, mas acho que este é o último. Vocês deviam fazer algo melhor para parar com isso. Não há nenhum divertimento a jogar o jogo com este problema. Eu não consigo entender qual é o prazer de jogar assim.
♥♥♥
I hate COD for ever now! Die in auschwitz infinity ward
Every year they get worse. Sound is like shooting plastic toy guns. Noplayers? Found a game with only 3-4 players in it. No dedicated servers in 2017, kek.
its not worth the disk space even if its free.
wait what!? This is a Call Of Duty?
MAKE CALL OF DUTY GREAT AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
derivative
horrible
Free weekend, almost prestiged. Hardly played with any other gun besides a "Mark 2" weapon variant that allowed me to get a 15% XP Boost per kill (gained from a Rare Supply drop), and was incredibly easy to run and gun with.Horrible microstutters in random spots. Went away some maps, would come back on the same maps, was really inconsistent, but would mostly occur when I came across an enemy. Otherwise ran at a solid 91 FPS, because that's what their horribly outdated engine caps to (because apparently it's too difficult to update an engine or to share an engine with Treyarch, who actually bother to at least try updating it ever so slightly)Some challenges couldn't be done because they require you to play in objective modes, which no one plays.Movement felt more sluggish compared to Black Ops 3, which isn't saying a lot.:Second free weekend. Coming back to this game, I started hating the design even more. It's just kind of...bland? I'll use the "Reactive Armor" payload, but there's hardly a visual or audible que to tell me that I've actually properly activated it. Unless I looked down at my cooldown for the ability, I wouldn't know.Every player model looks the same in game, despite there being eight(?) different characters to choose from. Everything's either white or grey, and blocky. Menus are a mess. Items you unlocked are scattered around instead of at the top of the list.I don't necessarily hate the gameplay. Somewhere in there, there's a  game, at the very least. But it's just plagued with bad design, horrible lag, inconsistent framerates, and lacks the sense of accomplishment a game like this should have when getting kills or leveling up.I've used almost the exact same play style every match. Slap a gun on with low hipfire spread, slap a laser sight on, and mow people down while not stopping to reload or to even bother aiming.It's just really rough.
This game is the equivalent to aids. I literally downloaded and played just above an hour of actual gameplay (Excluding trying to get into a game) THEN GOT A VAC BAN :( WHY STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING GAME I DID NOTHING
played during: FREE WEEKENDHonestly, i did not like the game.Optimization is 'ok'. The playerbase is too small to play a normal match and/or have normal connection.There aren't a lot of guns. Movement is fine.
Horrible game, do noy buy this
Best example of a milking franchise.
not as bad as you think it isits could use some work
This game is a nightmare... couldn't help myself to continue playing it for more than 10 minutes
Infinity Ward has officially gone down the sh*tter ever since Advanced Warfare. Their new staff that joined recently after MW3 are most likely to blame for this, maybe if they didn't fire all of their good staff who believed in keeping things original, and not making a game that doesn't even feel like CoD anymore, it would have been better. Seriously, I just felt like I was playing a complete knockoff of Halo. I would ask for a refund for this game, but I can't because I bought the bonus version that has MW remastered, which is literally the only good content of the entire game, and thanks to IW's bullsh*t. I can't just buy that game serparately. I'm never buying another CoD in the future, unless it's a remastered version of MW2. Otherwise, Don't buy this game, it really is a waste
it's horrible!! i have this game for a day and i still haven't play one single online match casue THERES no lobby to be found..
Terrible optimization
Tried the game on its free weekend. The game itself is OKAY in comparison to the rest of the Call Of Duty games. The multiplayer is decent but nothing compared to the previous games in the franschise; MW2, BO1, BO2, etc. However, the PC port is absolutely horrid. If you're interested in this game, BUY IT FOR XBOX OR PS4! Furthermore, the player count just isn't there on PC. I had issues finding games even on primetime while its free weekend was active...
It worked better on my pc than Black Ops 3. But there were absolutely no players, except in "softcore" tdm, even on a free weekend.
Has bugs while on Campaign. . . The story was good but has bugs. .
Has bugs while on Campaign. . . The story was good but has bugs. .
meh.
cant play with gtx1050, downloaded to try but nothing, useless.
Was not even worth free. Its a shame i use to like this series but dont waste your money the user base will be dead in 2 months time.
Bland usual Call of Duty gameplay with no innovation. Multiplayer is a mess and campaign gives you an unlimited sense of dejavu. Call of Duty series used to be something special but this game completely lost what made it so good.
I played for around 77 minutes during the 'free weekend' promotional thing. During this time, I was only allowed to play multiplayer. It's decent as a free game, but not enjoyable for an extended period of time. First, I played Team Deathmatch in a public match, and after a while my character fell through the map and I lost connection. Next, I played for a while against the easiest bots on Terminal with half health and UAV always on and it was somewhat enjoyable. Lastly, I tried to play Team Deathmatch again in a public match, but everytime after it counted down to zero for me to join the match, I would lose connection because of bad connection.I assume the game is more enjoyable if you have friends to play with, but even then it probably won't be enjoyable for more than a few hours per week.
Played for the free "weekend" (weekend in quotation marks because it ended 2 PM on Sunday for me. Liked the game with bots, which was ok since they didn't abuse everything that is probably stronger than it should be. But, if I took anything away from how BO3 multiplayer was, especially online - it would be that the way you get a lot of kills is abuse broken things to their fullest. (I was one of few that didn't.) Lastly, due to the time of ending, I couldn't play anything else since it took THREE DAYS to download due to my internet not wanting to cooperate.
Dont buy it...Battelfield 1 is much better.
Give me a sick Game in this year and together  (i never lost my cost with Sick CoD game it's end after mw 3 )
bad online
since the last big update i cant play anymore. I only get "cant connecting to host" on my screen.Dont buy this game because you will throw $60 away
The Multiplayer is a cheap Black Ops 3 rip-off and the Singleplayer is boring af.
The performance was beyond bad, mouse movement had to be one of the worst in any game so far. Only thing I really liked about the is the health above the enemy head, but that's where it ends!
NO!
Too many reasons to explain, Just save yourself money and don't buy any Call Of Duty produced by Infinity Ward or Sledgehammer unless you like playing broken games!
Was basically starwars battlefront 2 on ps2 without jedi's or lightsabers.
I have a gtx 1080 an i7-6700k and 16 gb of ram yet the frames stutter from 100 to 45.the game feels hallow like store bought cookies. other then that i guess graphics are ok-ish nah nvm -_-
Lag in multiplayerPlaying with 150mb connection and other call of dutys have been working well.
The packet loss stutter isn't a joke. It needs to be addressed. I simply cannot trust a good game experience from all these hayseed CoD titles. Ever since MW2, the PC community lost their interest. And I find it a shame, because PC CoD will always be the best CoD. Personally, it's disappointing because I feel a void as Battlefield 1942 and Call of Duty will always be my classic PC fps experiences.I also think this focus on gaming Achievements and Grinding is major a source of burnout, leading to a net negative for this franchise. Next thing you know, we will be planting guns in the ground, watering them with blood, and waiting for them to sprout.
no good
Worse then Bad Rats
.
Feels slower and clunkier than Black Ops 3Aslo CheatersEngine is also different or feels different from BO3I love BO3, I don't really care for this version - It just doesn't feel right?!Played the free weekend, Lots of stuff locked out - couldn't play the story mode wich is why I downloaded it in the first place even though I kinda felt like they were going to do this.Would buy just to play the story mode if it was heavily discoounted some where around 20$ USD
This game is piece of♥♥♥♥♥
This game is just bad Can I sit here now?
The game mechanics are silly. Weapon variants is the worst thing to happen to Call of Duty.
not gud
"Free" weekend consisted of no campaign, no zombies, and inability to load into map after finding three games in a row and waiting 10 odd minutes each. "Game found, loading map" or something to that extent, nothing happens. Check specs, no issues with rig, terrible free weekend. Probably would have given a yes if campaign or zombies (not necessarily both) were made available.
Horrible game, horrible weapons, horrible maps. I cant name one good thing about this game. Sorry but I cant reccomend this to anyone
U MAD?! BRAHH Spent few hours playing this SO BORINNGGG no point of playing this game
free weekend ended early, of course  Activision screws up once again. 1/10, the 1 is for including terminal.
Thought I would give this game a chance with the free weekend, it sucked. Maybe one year CoD games will be great again.
This game is so bad not even worth getting it for free! Online is a ghost town...can't even play single multiplayer on the free trial since there is always an error....
This does not feel like a typical Call Of Duty game. It feels like Titanfall without Titans, that's how ridiculously futurusticly themed it feels. The weapon looks and sounds are plain bland and boring it's almost like an arcade game. If they got rid of the ninja-like gameplay and futuristic theme then just MAYBE I would have bought this game.
This game is probably "THE" Worst game out on the market, I downloaded the 2 day trial, tried to play it, and it was so trash, after the first game, I deleted it.... Don't ever buy this game, PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!
They said it'll be free this weekend so buyers can play  a little and like the game, but they also blocked the game from being play "You're not an owner of this content". Honestly this entire franchise died once BO2 eventually died out. 0/10 would not smash again
Got this for free weekend.  Could only play multiplayer.I legitimately could not connect to a match because my ♥♥♥♥ing name was too long.  I have never had this problem in any other game.  Do I need to say any ♥♥♥♥ing more?♥♥♥♥ it, I'll say one last thing.  The gunplay feels terrible.  I have played most Call of Duty games and I have never had a real problem with the feel of any of the guns or movement.  I liked Black Ops 3 a lot before Activision started pushing Supply Drops HARD in that game.  I liked the movement system.  But in this game♥♥♥♥♥♥just feels floaty.  Very off, odd.  I cannot explain why.I really wanted to like this too.  I really really did.  Sci-fi shooters make my♥♥♥♥♥♥erect.  But this game just sucks.
Horrible Graphics.  I have an up to date, high performance graphics card in a well built rig.  Shaders are terrible, gameplay is patchy, Cinematics are not synced, generic levels.  Very disappointed.
I played the free weekend, (that ended before 9pm central on sunday?).  I gotta tell ya, I was NOT impressed.    The way the starter weapons suck seems to be designed to get you to buy better weapons with cash money, just to get past being slaughtered every time you spawn.      The only time I had any luck was when I scavenged a decent weapon off a dead "buy to win" guy, then my ratio went way up, fast.I might pop for this when it and the full pass are $19.95 Maybe.
No.....just......no
This game is obviously not made for PC. Couldnt get into a game because your steam name is to long, get into the game and it runs poorly. They should have just kept this game on console because they obviously didnt care when they ported it.
Exactly like BO3 with a few tweaks and changes.Refunded it a few hours after i purchased it on its release date.But got time to write a review now.I really hate futurisitc call of duty.Call of duty was my favourite game since BO2 and it's the game that introduced me into FPS shooter.But it dissapoint me after AW.Hope the next call of duty will be back in those old modern days shooter.
Boring.
Tbh this game was free and I was excited to try it out. BUT when I load the game I can't even join a match, and if it even allows me to search .. IT SEARCHES FOR 15+ mins and stil no match found.
It is bum
This game is a dumpster fire.
Tried this game during the 'free' weekend.Made me download 40GB, just so I could play the multiplayer only all other options are blocked.Multiplayer itself is okay, just a reskin just like all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥Call of Duties. 10/10 would uninstall again.
Multiplayer was "meh".  Game might be worth the sale price for the campaign though.
I didnt think it was complete trash. The movement system felt pretty good, you couldnt spam jump in the air. Felt just as fun as Ghost. Nothing felt OP just boring.
HORRIBALE GAME BUT ITS GOOD I WOULD RECOMAND
Since this game was free to play over the weekend. I never really got a chance to play because I could not join any games. Had NAT open as well. I really wanted to give this game a chance.......
My profile pic, as of 26/02, shows what most IW Players look like
DON'T DO IT DON'T BUY ITDON'T DO IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Not like the other call of duty games.Not what im used to.
This game is horrible. It makes me feel embaressed having this game
nice halo 5 update bungie
poop
I would not recommend this game at all.
Lol idk why its even listed for more than $3 at any time.
this game is aids.
My free experience:RunningShootingDying becuse of some space laserRespawn*Feeling my brain melting away*Uninstall
worst game ever. guns suck. messa sucks. Free was to expensive!!!!
The first thing I did was I searched for a Domination game, but couldn't find one. Decided I'd just do Team Deathmatch, since TDM is always populated the most, and got into a game fairly quickly. Many of the controls weren't even set up; Crouch and Prone weren't assigned as anything. I tried assigning the keys, but there were a lot of functions with no reasonable mapping for them. I don't understand why this is, as I've always playing Warframe (another game where you can jump off walls, slide, etc.) without any issues.While I was struggling with the controls and trying to get a feel for them (while many of them were disabled by default), I watched an argument unfold in chat where one player was saying CoD is the best game ever and called someone more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than a console gamer. Then someone asked what Steam is after someone else mentioned the game is free to play for the weekend on Steam.It took about 5 and a half hours to download, install, and update the game. It took about a minute to uninstall. Thanks for the suggestion Steam, but I think I'm gonna pass on this one.
Didn't even last past the free weekend.Multiplayer servers lag massively and the gameplay itself is the same stale old formula. Yes you can now "run along walls" but this is far too risky and feels more like a lazy gimick in order to claim that the game has fresh new concepts.Furthermore, clearly a primary goal of game developers is to make a profit, but the amount of microtransactions in a full-priced game such as this is beyond a joke.
For 10 bucks i would by this game, its not terrible and its not good. You get the best of both worlds.
oi boy the errors upon errors and even more errors! i swear it takes like 10 minuites to even get into a game!
loved the free weekend i just loved how i could stare at the main title for free couldnt do zomb or multi or campain
Was free to play this weekend so I thought I'd give it a shot. Kept crashing when I got to a lobby and couldn't get it to work. Other people had the same issue. Very dissapointing.
Last time I enjoyed playing call of duty was when you couldn't jump 200 feet in the air and run on walls for infinite time. Also when the game had a more simple objective and simpilar ways to complete these objectives. You had your set of SMGS, shotguns, snipers, assualts maybe noob tubes everynow and then but we dealt with it. However, all of you in the sledgehammer/infiinity ward studio must have been tripping acid, snorting cocaine 24/7 or lost a chromosome to ever think of putting in half of the♥♥♥♥♥♥you put into this game. On a serious note I hope the devolper team has learned their lesson, it was about time they'd stop coming out with a call of duty every year just to scam people out more money, espcailly making people buy infinite warfare just to get the remastered cod4, seriously was the most dickest move in history.P.S. Hope your guys studio catches on fire.
The game is packed full of bugs. Not sure how they expect to get $60 for this... Some game modes = dead (because there are no players to complete match making.)gg. not gonna buy this one - maybe when its on special for $5...
Probably the worst game I've ever played. I enjoyed black ops 3 but this buggy mess of a game would barely run on my pc without getting serious lag spikes even with gtx 970. Would not recoomend this game if you were even given it for free.
♥♥♥♥
UNA ♥♥♥♥♥♥, NI SIQUIERA FUNCIONABA EL MULTIJUGADOR
Fake free weekend. Almost all of the game is still locked.
Not a big CoD multiplayer fan, but the sci-fi soldier/BSG Viper pilot/shooting-Space-Jon-Snow aspects of the single player campaign appealed to me enough to throw down on a 50% off sale.TLDR version: Even those with managed expectations...beware.I've enjoyed what I've *been able* to play of the campaign... but pretty quickly noticed a frequent problem with lag and stutter in the cinematics. I assumed it's because my rig is a couple years old, though still decently capable of HD gaming in the 1920x1200 range (Fallout 4, etc), and started to walk back my graphics settings. Unfortunately short of putting the settings down to something that looks like XBox360, any graphics adjustment led to persistent crash-to-desktop with a DirectX11 error. Even playing with NVIDIA settings "optimized" and cranked way down causes crashes that lock up my whole system. Worse, I've discovered a bunch of people online (with possibly newer, better gear) reporting similar, seemingly-unresolved issues dating back to November.I know graphics-intense games can run a little dicey and I'm due for a card upgrade but I expected this to at least be a comparable experience to Titanfall 1 which still looked pretty and played fairly smoothly and reliably without ultra high end system specs. Disappointing! I guess I'm going to have to sit this out a couple more patches.
Was nice to have a try before you buy; I don't think it went the publishers way though.I found myself annoyed pretty quickly with some dude running round just knifing people. Definitely shouldn't be as good as a gun, in a gun fight. The pool of players seems rather small, even if I left a lobby and restarted a few minutes later I ended up with the same bunch of players.I googled whether this is going to be cross platform and come across the answer as being no; because it would be mixing Mouse/Keyboard players with controller players. Guess what dummies, I play with a controller.Game looks beautiful, but player movement is jerky now and again in multiplayer. Probably lag, I don't have the best connection.Do people really get so upset about playing games they're bothered what other players are using to play?Lastly when playing the multiplayer, just before the game begins you get that short video clip that honeycombs out. When playing at 4K it's a bit of an immersion breaker because it looks so much worse than the game.
They â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed up terminal at the point were it looks like someone just slapped star trek on it...
I played this game for 2 days and this may sound crazy for some people but I actually prefer Ghosts over this future crap.
Nope
Infinite Warfare is a poor mans Black Ops 3 more or less.  Everything IW does BO3 does better! The game was dead the second week of launch and has remained dead ever since.  Infinity Ward is also the worst developer of the 3 developers of COD now due to their whole staff leaving to create Respawn Entertainment.  Literally everything about this game is unremarkable, from the gameplay, to the color palate to the map design.  Its just not fun to play bottom line!  I bought the bundel so I also have COD remastered.  Cod remastered is fun but its not a true remaster of COD 4! COD 4 ran butter smooth, this game suffers greatly from lag comp issues (whats new its COD), matchmaking issues, and over all frame drops and stuttering.  I have had to tweak my settings over n over again to try and find a somewhat playable balance.  Its fun dont get me wrong, but this game still is in beta form as far as optimization goes.  It just amazes me that these two games were released in their current states.  As of right now tho, I cant recommend buying this bundle at all! Infinite Warfare is terrible and not worth playing unless you get it for free or at a drastically reduced price.  Remastered however could be great if they fix the matchmaking, optimize it properly and release it as a stand alone.  The player count also is lower than games that have been out 4/5 years, but thats due to the fact it was bundled.  Once this game is available for purchase by itself I see it improving drastically.
Mediocre
The worst CoD game ive played by far the story wasâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥the zombies wereâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥the multiplayer was laggy as hell the supply drops were cash grabs and the â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing Remastered MW wasâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥because of theâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥connection problems dont waste your money like i â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing did
The game plays likeâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
worst game i have ever played, even though i played on a free weekend. Dont waste your time.
Infinite Warfare has been a very controversial game, and this is my honest review of it.To start, the campaign is actually very good. The story is written out nicely and the gameplay is stunning. However, it falls short everywhere else. Multiplayer has many problems that I am not going to go too into detail with, but in general it is too fast paced and TTK is too fast. Zombies just doesn't live up to par with Treyarch's version of zombies and even Sledgehammer's version. It looks too arcadey to me and I didn't find myself enjoying it that much. To make it all worse, the content that you get on their free weekend is â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t. Everything is blocked except custom games in multiplayer, so literally all you can do with the 40gb of files is play MP against bots. I cannot reccomend this game even though the campaign is good.
Had a chance to try this game out on free weekend...story and zombies are locked only multiplayer is availablehad multiple crashes that inturipted my play time
Normally a pretty big fan of cod... however, in this one, the gunfights feel awful. Multiple f2p games can give you a better overall experience. And why is a TON of the content locked on free weekend? Is this the best it has to offer?
game blows.
What a waste
Couldn't make it half way through an online match... Companys this bad should be banned from making video games.
Hate that they force you to buy both games. Would have gladly paid for both seperatly if i had the choice. Now i dident buy anything because these creedy sell tactiks! Trust more in your product and less in manipulating fans.
So dissappointed in the call of duty franchise now. Wasted time and space on hard drive. Loaded game couldnt even play matches and would freeze when going back to main menu.I have a 980ti16gb rami7 4790KHopefully Treyarch can revive the flatline that activision has caused.
Game crashes when i try to go 1080p lmao. Terrible.
Caveat: Played during the free multiplayer weekend.  So, this review only applies to the multiplayer aspect of this game.Should you buy this? No.  No, no, no.  Infinite Warfare is a poor imitation of it's average predecessors.Objective Problems:1) Bad servers/connections - Some matches will run well, while other matches will have players warping across the map even though everyone has four connection bars.2) Low player count and dead modes - TDM is the only game mode that can reliably offer matches without significant waiting times.  When you do get a match, you will see the same players over and over.3) Bugs and optimization issues - It's quite telling that Infinity Ward has allowed bugs to remain.  I had previously heard about the name-length bug that prevents players from entering matches, but figured something like that would have been fixed by this point.  Obviously, I was wrong.  In addition, the menu lags (I have a 980ti and a high end Skylake, no excuses), the videos lag, and I was repeatedly dropped from lobbies after the countdown timer ended (after fixing the name bug, so it was something else).Subjective Problems:1) Gun balance - The balance of the guns is way off, and it is shown by how the community almost exclusively uses three or four guns in every match.  Match after match of people using the NV4, the Vector and one of the shotguns got boring quite fast.  Also, I'm a semi-auto user, so I didn't even get to try out the DMR.  The EBR is lackluster, at best.2) Maps and spawns - The maps are boring and the spawns are awful.  Infinite Warfare is a get-shot-in-the-back simulator.3) Movement - I hate the jetpack movement.  Some players love it, I hate it.  Players are constantly jumping around and spray firing, and it's annoying as hell.4) Time to Kill and Netcode - Something seems very off here.  I can't even begin to count the number of times I was instantly killed by weapons requiring 4-5 hits, with no indication of damage being taken until you fall over dead.5) Microtransactions/Drops - I do not like this system.  Players should receive access to equipment for completing challenges and leveling up, not via pure luck.  In BO3, I had 155 hours of playing time and one, ONE, weapon received from a non-guaranteed supply drop, and that was a melee weapon anyway. It would have been nice to try out the new weapons, but that wasn't in the cards.  Sadly, Activision has figured out that their quasi-slot machine will reel in the compulsive gambler portion of the gaming population, so this garbage is what we're stuck with for the rest of the series.  What they did well:1) Graphics - The graphics are nice, and are certainly a big improvement over Infinity Ward's previous title, Ghosts.Overall, this game is little more than an excuse to sell supply drops.  It doesn't do anything particularly well, and has many flaws.  It just isn't very fun.  Considering how few people still play the game, I'm not alone in that assessment.
COD have completely lost their way. Before and with the Modern Warfare series, especially 1 & 2, they had a near perfect formula. It was believable in terms of movement and weaponry with great single player and even better multiplayer. It was fast and addictive. Every single video or clip I've seen of this latest s**t streak of a "game" makes me want to puke. Running along vertical walls, jumping 30 feet in the air and weaponry that wouldn't seem out of place in Halo. It has literally 0 appeal. They have alienated the vast proportion of their player base with a futuristic wankathon, and pretty much all of my friends and myself included have or will be playing BF1. COD is dying, if they keep making their expensive futuristic crap they'll be dead and buried.
I love modern warfare got me into call of duty black ops got me in to zombie. Zombies got better. This game sucks 1# I hate multi-player I love zombies wish they solded Zombies seperate from multi-player DLC's for these who don't play multi-player. Still waiting for Modern Warfare Remastered and real can't stop loving Micro-Transtactions creeping in to my triple A games thank you Activsion for knowing how to make money and putting Micro-BS in this game!
dont play this game rather play minecraft
Call of duty made their games more futuristic and that killed the game. (At least this COD)
this is just a sad story.
worst call of duty multiplayer so far, campaign  is good, but multiplayer is pretty bad especially on PC
Good game BUT CHEATER ANY WHERE OMG PLS MAKE A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ANTI-CHEAT...
Hmmm let's see: I got the chance to play this game during a Free Weekend; nonetheless, even a free take a this game would not make me spend more than 2 minutes in the game. Shame on Infinity Ward for not pushing the industry forward and teh lack of ingenuosity and acvtual "development" ... good on the gamers that actually refused to buy into yet another yearly "DLC". On a scale from 1 to 10; i would rathe the multiplayer with a 3.5. Have not played the campaign.
i got this game for free thats one free wasted
THis game has its good parts that are fun, but overall it sucks
well thank ♥♥♥♥ for a free weekend,nothing about this game is appealing, same recycled weapons and call of dutys love for bugs, lag and crashs. Why build a beast of a pc if these co ck bags cant even optimize a game before release.you spend half your time trying to fix direct x issues and when you do get a game with its player peek of the day at 100 you get nothing but lag, the killsteaks are extreamly childish If infinite failure hasnt killed the franchise i dont know what will..COD just needs to die
the game is boring AF!!
1:Game not responding2:Cant even play one match cause it stuck on match started,loading 1.3:When try to change resolution or texture after you change something starts not working,, and need to reopen again the game so the setting to be apply4:Activision not hearing what community says and do there own bull*****!!!5:I totally not recommend this game,dont buy it.6:Dead community for this game7:the game its not ready yet fixed.8:game totally broke9:worst game ever came out,,everything broke10:Only unistall buttom works :)GGabsolutely crap!!!!
I got the game during Free Weekend and I was never able to play it because I didn't have a "secure" connection to the host or the connection to the host failed. Why is IW using P2P connectivity in 2017? Either way, broken as hell for me, don't get it.
Broken Game.Doesn't load a single map and freezes or crashes constantly in the menues.Tried different fixes but nothing helped.Downloaded half a day for absolutely nothing. Nice trial. Singleplayer and zombies are locked behind a paywall.My pc is way above the needed specs. Not worth it, even if it were free.
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
Was trying to get into a game for 40 min and every single time (15+ times) it said "Cannot connect to host" or "Lost connection to host" right as the match was supposed to begin. 0/10 wouldnt not try free weekend again
Even free weekend is too much to pay :/
Call of Duty: Infinite WarfareSo how to sum this great game up...After 30 minuets of waiting and watching this game crash I can say EVERYONE should buy this game,It's the best CoD game to date a solid 11/10This game makes other FPS games looks like amoeba that just crawled out of the ocean,Can't wait to play again ^^
we need more P2P connection FPS. they srly need to step up their game, p2p connection is the best connection!!!
this game is the definition of garbage
im not an owner
the fps are weirdly capped and the game itself seems really unbalanced
This the same *poop* like warface. So price should be the same 0 bucks.
While I only tried the multiplayer for a few minutes, it was basically spawn and get killed by some guy shooting you in the back that had been playing the game longer than you and had better guns.  Disappointed compared to other COD games I own.
did 343 industries buy infinty ward?
Oh WOW! a free call of duty?!?! Oh, wait no all you can do is custom which is boring af. SO... don't get it its just a waste of space and time.
Tried the F2P weekend. After the first two matches of getting MM'ed with prestige players and apparently a cheater - I didn't want anymore of this.Don't waste money on this. 1/10.
Fun while it lasted from free weekend (Thx).Basically a tuned BO3 (played the free weekend also).Maps have no place for sniper or midrange.100% CQB maps AFAIK. Oh, and spaces for jungle gym for kids.I heared lots of them screamed "weeeee" (including me) ... and diedThe movement speed is dialled down to give space for speed upgrades.Good for adapting the game. But instantly creamed by lvl 55 players.No weapon can counter that dudes from low level player.No time to cry either. Not cool.I guess the level 55 dudes can go back to their caves again now thatafter the free weekend is over since rarely ppl are in it.Many BO2 players dont pay the DLC @ my region. Now added in-game purchases? Is this the future?Should the game got cycled for certain year, i dontthink the features must be too complex. Am i wrong here for thinking that? Interesting link i add regarding the microtransaction:Btw i played about 1000hrs on MW3 dedicated mod server.Many hours on MW2 mod server too and MW1.I by no means am a great player, but good enough to know.Again, thx for letting me play for free for 11 hrs.Don't be too modern. We basically r chipmunks.Recommend this game? Sorry, i have to say no.
installed the weekend demo. no zombies, no campaign. cant play online cause the game crashes. whats the point of a demo that makes u NOT want the game. its like the 15% approval wasnt already a turn off enough. CoD is taking some unexpected design turns. even the menus lag, on a 1070 i7. darrrrrrr. hey at least jon snow made some $$ from this. hope his bank account doesnt crash like this game. i wish people would stop spending money on this crap and support actually good devs and good games... big game publishers need to die off, like ubisoft, like activision, like EA.... support the little guy. jon snow can handle himself well enough.
LONG WAIT TIMES. Were talking I sat in a lobby for 10 minutes at one point. This is suposed to be a free weekend where itss flooded with players I sould not have to wait this long. On top of this the maps are small and the matches are small. 3v3? 6v6? What is this 1990? Jump jets were cool but I found they just ruined the experience.
Sad thing is, That I wanted to try out your game during the free weekend. But I could not connect to it, even after I added in my virus protection, firewall. Even after disabling those it was just stuck on Loading level forever. I followed all fixes that were recm, but sadly nothing worked. Please fix the server issues you have
free weekend review: the multiplayer maps suck  to the infinity ward devs go play a treyarch cod to see how to make a map properly
OMG, as a fan of MW2 and BO2 I can simply say that this is the worst game I have ever played. Going in I didn't have high hopes but I thought I could at least play for half an hour without wanting to kill myself. Remember if you want to play this game make sure to take your bleach.
Worst fps game ever. I didnt even know u could rocket jump and my frames per sec kept dropping drammaticly, and my fps was not even good in the first place. its normally and 50 or 60 and it drops all the way to 20-30. If you acctually bought the game i would feel bad for you its a waste of money and playing it makes u want to DIE.EDIT:Looking for matchmaking takes like 20 minutes even on free fucin weekend.Uninstall and get a refund for this cancer
This is a review from the free weekend. Scroll down for the short version.Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is a pretty "ok" game. I could only play the multiplayer because the so called "free weekend" doesn't allow you to play campaign or zombies if you haven't bought the game. At first I was suprised because I thought if it's a free weekend I should be able to try out everything. When I found out that I really can't I was a little angry so I went to multiplayer and I tried to get into some games but as the game was about to start an error would come up and throw me out of the game. Now that got me REALLY mad so I reinstalled the game but the problem didn't go away. When I looked more thoroughly in internet someone said that the error might be because of my name. If my name is longer than 15 characters then that might be causing the error. Like what the f. I shortend my name and it worked. If even that hand't worked I'd just give the game a negative review and uninstall. So how did I end up still not recommending the game? Well when I played the multiplayer, I'm not gonna lie, I had quite some fun. Now I see the issue that older CoD fans have with the game. I've played CoD Ghosts and I must say, Infinite Warfare does seem similar. The new jump pack and wall ride stuff is not bad, unless you miss your f-ing kill because someone took the the f-ing skies. The rigs offer some nice traits and payloads (Payloads are like limited time buff or special weapon that charges as you earn points and is lost if you die before it expires. Unless you die right as you use it.). I myself didn't have much use though 'cause I died quite often but of course that's a personal issue. All in all rigs don't matter that much but some are better than others in some specific builds. After a few hours of playing though things started getting quite repetitive. I played 95% of the time team death match and it seems to me like in most if not all of the maps I saw that snipers would be inefficient. I also rarely encounterd snipers. That's I think because the maps are tailored more toward run-and-gun type of combat, in which shotgun or smg work best. I'm not saying that assault rifles and LMG won't be good, but when I played with them I'd always get in close encounters because again the maps paths are so tight and the maps themselves are small.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So to make it short: It's not that bad as people say it is. I like the more simplistic approach like in every CoD game. It seems though that it always comes down to close encounters, which makes shotgun the easiest (as always) and probably best way to go. Because of that it could get repetitive and boring. That's why I don't recommend this game, at least at it's full price. If I ever consider buying this it has to be on a 50%+ sale.
This game is trash on every level. The maps are nothing but door after door. No wonder why everyone just runs around with a shotgun. This game is alreasy dead as i recorded a video of me in matchmaking for 20 minutes for a TEAM DEATHMATCH!Not to mention how the game still is laggy as ever in multiplayer and it took me an hour to get the game to work because it would only run at 20 FPS. The game also crashed when i tried to record gameplay. If someone says it because "you're pc is just bad" then they're full of♥♥♥♥♥♥and have no idea what they are talking about. Please do not waste money on this game. They thought making the game free for a week would make people buy it, but instead it just lowered the Overall rating from "Mixed" to " Mostly Negative". Great job Activision/Infinity Ward!
I played this game on the free weekend and it seems only Multiplayer is free to try. When I choose Campaign, I get a message "You don't own this content. Buy it on Steam Store". I'm not very much into Multiplayer games, I always prefer Single Player experience, but this time I tried it out. What can I say, it's simply not fun to play. For me personally Advanced Warfare had more fun Multiplayer gameplay. I do not recommend this game, because Multiplayer is simply not good. Not sure about campaign, it might be worth the money and time.
I played this game on the free weekend and it seems only Multiplayer is free to try. When I choose Campaign, I get a message "You don't own this content. Buy it on Steam Store". I'm not very much into Multiplayer games, I always prefer Single Player experience, but this time I tried it out. What can I say, it's simply not fun to play. For me personally Advanced Warfare had more fun Multiplayer gameplay. I do not recommend this game, because Multiplayer is simply not good. Not sure about campaign, it might be worth the money and time.
I got this game for free... I want a refund.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ fuycking game kys and emmauel kys 2 u ♥♥♥♥iung ♥♥♥♥♥♥
its as bad as you didn't want it to be.
Activision better give me therapy for playing this for 10 hours, im scarred for life and cry when i see a first person shooter.
This game is unfinished and a complete waste. I was unable to join a multiplayer game, unless I changed my profile name to something under 15 characters. The game doesn't feel rewarding in the slightest and there's something about killing robots that simply leaves one wanting something more satiating. This futuristic focus that the Call of Duty franchise has adopted has ultimately been its downfall.The fact that they are releasing DLCs for a title that has never reached over 5-10k active players is a joke. Black Ops 3 often has more players and that game is over a year old. Even during a free weekend, I've not seen the numbers rise above the 5k range. Do you want to know why? Because it's unfinished, unsatisfying, boring and most importantly broken. It's actually quite funny. Upon featuring a free-weekend and a reduction in price, thsi game has gone from having "mixed reviews" to "overwhelmingly negative." If you're considering buying the game, didn't notice the incredibly negative reviews and think there's something worthwhile in this title, then please donate your money to my PayPal account. I'll put it to better use for you. Say... Battlefield 1, Titanfall 2, Watch Dogs 2, Resident Evil 7 etc.
How to get good frames on Infinte Warfare:1) Install2) Click play3) Then exit and play Modern Warfare Remastered.
Have fun playing the most inconsistant game ever.
All "86 minutes played" were spent trying to find a match. trying. Zombies was behind a pay-wall. Great!
Thanks for the free weekend, oh wait, you've locked everything except the multiplayer. I get why you lock the campagin, but why zombies? Even if I'd get the game completely free, I'd not play it. Probably the worst game of the whole series.
i downloaded this free play game for the weekend would not let me play so i wont be buying i hear this game sucks anyway
Played for twenty minutes. Didn't let me load into a game. I want my 20 mins back..and the 12 hours it took to install.
WHY
I sincerily feel sorry for you if you pre-ordered this game, but then again, maybe not as the previous CoDs have slipped through Activision's fingers down into the toilet so you should've known.
Waste of time, game can't go 5 minutes without crashing. Also very disapointing graphics.
Flatout 3 is a better game.
I prefer to buy winrar instead of this.
Its Fun to play but don't buy it toooooooooooo expencive and is not the game we asked for Infinity Ward i hate it becouse:-Guns are s**t (Assault rifles are slow as f**k and damage is like youre using an BB GUN, You can't snipe anymore becouse everybody uses shotguns, Shotguns are too op)-Maps are BORING!!!!!-SUPPLY DROPS(You know why)-WE HATE EXO JUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RIG's Are too op-And.......I only played 2 days and is the WORS'T GAME IN HISTORY OF GAMING---------------------------------------------------------------------------Massage too Infinity WardPls go back and make a CALL OF DUTY Not an AlienEXOjumpSuplydrop Game._____________________________________________________
FREE WEEKEND!PLAY FOR FREEEEEEEE!....well play this little bit over here. No, not there. This tiny bit over here. Yea here! What do you mean you expected to be able to actually try the game after a 50GB download? No no you dont own that content son! We just needed you to play multiplayer so people have some cannonfodder to shoot. Sheesh people and theyre reading what we write and then expecting to get to do those things. Bunch of crazies amirite?Alright fine Ill play just multiplayer despite that not being mentioned in all the FREE.*waits 2 minutes in queue*...*Waits 5 minutes in queue*...*waits 10 minutes in queue*Yea ok, no thank you.
Multiplayer is some what fun but still not nearly as good the old boots on the ground modern soldier type game.  I hate this space stuff but I gave it a chance really wanting to change my mind but nope just made me more disappointed. I am sadden call of duty has lost its way I hope they go back to the old ways of call of duty.
3 Words:WORSTGAMEEVERperiod.
multiplayer -singlplayer ?
Not as good as it seems,Quite hard to run but it depends also it takes hours to download which isnt worth the wait if you get the 2 free trial days
Could only play multiplayer from the free weekend. If you liked BO3 then don't buy this because the maps are worse and the unlocks are too. Don't pay more than $5 if they start selling the multiplayer by itself.
black ops 3 > Infinite warfare
What a load of S**T for the PC so many crashes cannot believve they released this game with so many bugs
it suckks
Another boring Call of Duty game. Terrible multiplayer, looks like it came out in 2012. I played it for free and it was still a rip off.
the game is decent but not fun
terrible
I Guess I was exicted to try the game for free but then after so many glitches and bugs that prevented me from even playing a game. I decided to uninstall. Free weekend is a waste of time and this game is a waste of money. Do NOT download this 50gb trash.
Game isn't even worth it for free
Its♥♥♥♥♥♥
After installing the game I played through the game for  ashort while, same old same old, what I'm here to note on is the optimisation. After playing the game late into the night I turned off my PC and went to bed, this morning I tried to turn on my PC only to find that my PC wasn't recognising the HDD that Infinite Warfare was installed on. After hours of trying to fix it, even going so far as to open up my case and clean every component and rewire it all. My PC was only fixed through uninstalling this game. Apparently this cancerous piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game was conflicting with my PC startup for some unknown reason, Also it weirld launches in windowed mode and requires a restart when you change settings.would not reccomend.
I can almost never find someone to play with online.  I really only like this game's Zombies mode. The campaign is pretty forgettable and only the same people play online. I bought the legacy edition for my PC and PS4.  Not the greatest decision, but I really wish more people played this.
Yes, it's as bad as everyone says it is.Hacking is not an offense, you will see atleast a dozen people use aimbots while playing online.You have to pay real money to unlock everything or be fordced to grind for weeks to unlock a single loot box.Community is just as toxic as it has always been.Run and jump cancerous gameplay makes you yearn for the good ol' days of call of duty.The only redeeming factor this game brings to the table is the chance to play Modern Warfare once again.Do not buy this game.
Overall a terrible game
Arrow keys don't work right,  single player wont start.  Multiplayer is so silly with all the jumping around & gadgets that its terrible even on Xbox One without hackers.
Call Of Duty Dislike Warfare 2nd Disliked Youtube Video EditionThis game even not worthy to play even FOR FREE on Steam Free WeekendEven poor and those who can hardly buy expsive games even if some gif it too poor gamer for free even still not gonna play  Call Of Duty Bad Raputation WarfareEvrything Still The SAMEDeath Animations SAMERealoding Animations SAMEWeapons Sounds SAME (but litte bit chanced)Runining Mehanics With Gun With 3rd Preson SAMEGraphics Worster Then BO3Call Of Duty Dislike Warfare Main Menu Soundtrack Sounds Like Funeral Music WARNING!!!!! Do Not Try Launch This Game With Speakers Loudly Because People Will Think Is The Funeral Ceremony And Maybe People Can Come Next To Your House With Candles And Wreaths PLEASE:Do Not Buy It Even For Free Do Not Take It And Try It I Will Hardly Do Not Recommend This Game
-98% discount and maybe we will have a deal..
i rly installed this 40GB waste of sh it just to post a negative reviewnow i want my time back
Just took advantage of the free weekend to get a sense of the multiplayer and perhaps more.It looks a bit weird with the used color schemes..Feels really artificial somehow.Matchmaking is ridiculous from my point of view, lvl 1-6 ppl and two lvl 35 or even lvl 55 players, seeing the full customizaion with weapons perks etc. This match is already decided before the first bit is sent via the net.The weird outlining reminded me of borderlands, a cartoonish thing. Not really sure if that could be disabled but it would help.I was sort of hoping the zombie part was available but that was not the case. And to buy this one just for zombies seems a bit stupid to me.I guess I'm so used to the MW1/2 performance, this one felt really off somehow. However when playing Titanfall it felt exactly the same like the MW(s) so go figure why that is..In the end this one is not for me. I can see why there would be ppl enjoying this one so my vote is between yes and no.But from pure personal view I would not buy it..
a worse version of bo3
What the hell is this sh*t?
50GB of waste
Early review.  1. Buy game even though everyone says it's bad.  But hey, I enjoyed Ghosts and everyone hated that as well.2. Wait 5 minutes for shaders to load. Game starts, but says update, must restart.  Restart.3. Go into video options, disable frame sync.  Game locks up. Task manager, exit, restart.4. Skip video options.  5. Start solo Zombie.6. Suffer through 5 minute unskippable intro.7. After unskippable intro, I get a nice black screen. Waiting..Waiting.. Nothing.  Restart.8. Start solo Zombie.  Unskippable 5 minute intro begins.9. Task manager, exit, write review.On the good side, game works well with task manager, east to exit.  Good thing, I think it will happen often.p.s. I have a good up to date rig.  GTX980, updated drivers, etc.Will update as I explore further.
this game is trash they need to stop this series!
just a bad game
So I cant give this game a fair review because I can not join a game lol.
Very bad, game keeps crashing and I can't even move my mouse around in the start menu without the game lagging/crashing out.If you are considering to buy this game AVOID IT unless you have nasa's computer.
spent alot of time to download this game, then it crashed everytime finding match.nice gift Ubisoft
Me: *launches game*Game: CrashesMe: Okay? *launches game again*Game: *Crashes* Me: *opens steam and uninstalls the 50gb game*Game: ...come back plsMe: No. 10/10 best main menu I've ever seen would demo again
Download it for the free weekend to try it out. Plan to try the campaign but no campaign. What a bummer. Ok then. Try out the multiplayer. Try to find match but it seem can't. Its just taking to long before the game crash. Giving a free demo of the game if it is cant be play will not bring people back to buy and play this game again. Download the free for weekend try out is just a waste of my time with unplayable demo. WILL NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. Recommendation:-Sell Modern Warfare Remastered separately. Very high demand for it.  -Next time give a playable campaign only with few mission to try out and a playable multiplayer (if anyone want to play it).
bad game
The cheaters are 50% of the players, but only 5% of them got banned.
poop
Yeah, this game is bad. M'kay?
Lol
I don't like it
The game is Horrible, there is no balance between weapons(Just Use a SMG), the community only plays Team Deathmacth, The graphics are ok(The Skyboxes are amazing!), and it uses P2P Connection, so expect a lot of lag.I only played on the free weekend i don't recomend the game.
ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥
-Can't play singleplayer even though its♥♥♥♥♥♥br>-Multiplayer connects rarely because not much people play this♥♥♥♥♥♥and those hours you see on my time is all wasted on searching a game-Ghost has more people playing than this-I wouldn't accept for free because I have confirmed how♥♥♥♥♥♥this is-Lets be honest supply drops RUINED THIS GAME-I can't believe they honestly thought that people liked this space bs.Yeah maybe small majority but not the whole francise-I bet they're gonna f@ck up the new COD thats gonna go "to its roots"-Fanboys incoming-12vies-Battlefield is betterLET THE TRIGGERING BEGIN
Don't buy this game.
free weekend,installed, 50 GB...played one multiplayer matchuninstalled
free weekend,installed, 50 GB...played one multiplayer matchuninstalled
I'll be honest. I haven't played Call of Duty since Black Ops 2. Which is why I downloaded this game, in hopes of trying out the campaign. Little did I know that the "free weekend" only includes multiplayer. I was very heartbroken to find out I wasted so much bandwidth on this trash. The only good thing about this game was the main menu music, so I'd give the game a 1/10 for wasting my time and hopes.
On par with CoD: Ghosts
can't even launch the ♥♥♥♥ing game
T R A S H
Sucked i could run the game but everytime i get into a match it freezes instantly exits match and says lost connection.
Terrible
tried multiple times to play it, for i can give it a proper reviewbut couldnt get in a single game, i waited 45 mins for it to look for a match and it couldnt find anyone else playing this game so i gave up. free weekend my @$$
Totes not what cod should be xD itd be decent if it didnt havce those supply drops, my prediction is next cod = old skool but itll suck cause of supply drops, it wont have the grind level and will be boring after 10 days or less :P
What a load of crap!!!!!! free weekend but what is the point? I searched for an online game as not zombies or single is available. I found like 2 players, so i went to take a shower, came back still no players, went to the shop, came back, still no players, went to read my book for an hour, still no players. TAKE IT THIS IS A♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME WHEN YOU CANT EVEN FIND PLAYERS ON FREE WEEKEND
This is worst sh*t. Even FREE weekend is not full. Waste of time.
♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME
Bad Black Ops 3 100% better than this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one
match begin. loading level.... Nice work guys!!! i would like to try this Sh*t but i cant! i downloaded that 50gb and would like to start the multiplayer part. and its impossible!! :DDDD match begin. loading level... this is the message! about 15 minutes later i'm bored and deleted this♥♥♥♥♥♥ See this world guys: PATHETIC!!!!!!!! This game released 2016.november. Now 2017. Febr and u cant fix it??? i qoute to a classic: "You are a most disgusting people, who i ever met with..."
"Oh cool free weekend for Call of Duty, the only time I play it."Downloads the game.Lauches it.Enters multiplayer."Retrieve your daily log in bonus!"Quits the game.
i got the game for free but i can't find any online match...what a bummer i was gonna buy it but then i changed my mind
very very poor! what has happend to call of duty
It doesn't even want you to play it.
Tried it on the free weekend, felt sorry for the people who actually paid for it.
Multiplayer - sorry to say but Activision outdid themselves on the boredom and continous grinding with this game. The matches are annoying, everyone camps with no tactics whatsoever (in all modes). The grinding for better weapons or other accessories is tedious, but some are fun, once you get to upgrade them. Not to mention the micro-transactions..really?The campaign - generic as always, Activision are afraid to change the physics, the game-engine..Come on, look at other games!! It's 2017! Even Ubisoft tried to innovate something..enough already.This franchise hit a new low. Why they didn't predict it from last year..it's beyond my understanding. This game is a pure cash-grab, and gamers paid with their wallets this time, so let the overwhelmingly negative reviews come!
Tried it out during the free weekend. All I can say is that Call of Duty has really lost its touch. What was formerly one of the best FPS games out there in gameplay and story has now been reduced to a annual cadence of recycled material. This game offers little from its predecessor, Black Ops III. It's very similar and really, doesn't justify the price of a full title. Speaking of the titles, the Modern Warfare Remastered is a separate purchase you need to make only after you have already bought Infinite Warfare. You can't buy Infinite Warfare standalone.Honestly speaking, I think these games nowadays aren't really what they used to be anymore. What used to be masterpieces of entertainment and art, has beed reduced to money making mules. People have to pay full price for the same thing in a different look every year. I don't know about you, but that seems like a really silly thing. Activision is pretty much just looking into bringing in profits, and not really into actually making something which many people will enjoy. Modern Warfare 2 gave me so many fond memories. Seeing the franchise deteriorate into such a state really feels like a stab right through the heart.
A waste of £0
Worst CoD i´ve ever played
Hi I bought this game yesterday, but due to incompatibility with dual-core processors can not play games and I run a few minutes later in the menu Freeze Please report this problem to be fixed
Stealin ya weapons and ya mapsmaking em♥♥♥♥♥♥br>step up nigr
6 hours of gameplay and it feels like a chore to play. CoD is washed up
Wasted  nearly 50gb of bandwidth to download this and try it out  :-(    On the brighter side I didnt buy it and "UNINSTALL" button works well  :-)
Very fast uninstalling
It gets boring so fast...
Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ was not worth the harddrive space. Whoever came up with this should be fired....
This game sucks, has bad graphics and im bad.
WORST GAME EVERi got this for free, from the offer and NOTHING WORKS. everytime i try and start a game, it sais connection to host lost EVEN IF I'M THE HOST.Nothing works in this game, it's just a waste of storage.
It's really bad !!!
bad af
You can't play single and zombie but you can play multi BUT ITS NOT EVEN WORKING!!!Dont buy it, its waist of money....
My chef makes better cod fillet than this.Max player size in playlists is 12 except for Infected and Ground War which are capped at 18. It doesn't really help though, because all of the playlists are dead except for Team Deathmatch. Who wants to play with 12-18 players anyway? The bare minimum is 32 these days for this type of game.If your username is too long, it'll give you an error even if you launch a local bot server, "Lost connection to host / status : BURGUNDIA". Apparently 16 characters is too long. "Infinite Warfare" is 16 characters, therefore this game is too long and cannot be played.
If your steam username is longer than 15 characters you get kicked from a multiplayer session and an error message saying “Lost connection to host. Status: burgundia.” appears (even if you are the host or play with bots). It’s almost like the game wants to protect me from its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ness. Also, they typed sichtgeldgröße (Sight money size) instead of sichtfeldgröße (Field of view). It’s bit ironic since activision is one of the greediest companies out there.
its freeeking bada
Well was about to buy the game when it was on 50% sale. But then there was a free weekend download so i got that just to give it a try first.Glad i did, game works horrible.Keeps freezing when ever i try to change video settings. Freezes when i try to go to main and exit.Keeps crashing when doing nothing. and best of all maps won't load, just keeps me in the game lobby as the game starts and try to load map untill it drops out an go back to menu...
Picked up this game on a free weekend with some friends and had an amazing time. I really want to like this game, I really do, cause its so much fun, but if I'm recommending this to people who would buy this game, I'm going to have to be honest. The game is not a good game for the competitive scene, but its a blast for an afternoon pastime with friends. I'll just talk about the things I liked and hated in the game.It's a really fun game to relax unlike other popular installments such as CSGO (I play CS). I really loved the weapon selections there were. Fun as hell when 2 friends and you run down an alley with LMGS mowing down enemies like that No Russian mission from MW2. Didn't find any cheaters on the game, so its ok.The team balancing is horrible. Most games I jump into are 5v2 or 5v1 (come on, wheres the autobalance?) Also, it could be my PC, but unless you have a beast PC, the game will be almost unplayable until you bump everything down to the lowest settings (60fps on low, 10fps on max). But that's only for people with bad PC's like me lol. If you're thinking of getting this game to expect lots of gameplay, don't buy it. Only 1 or 2 people I met when playing this game had actually owned the game, and I played around 10 matches.
Jesus Christ, 50GB of ... Gotta clean the HDD. Immediately.
10 hrs in MP, more than enough to say the worst maps in COD history, I can live with almost everything else (except the 91fps lock), but the maps make this game a terrible, terrible waste of time!
I managed to launch this game after 5th attempt because before it even didnt startand then when i've chosen Campain the game told me that the content is not available and i should purchase it. Nice 'free weekend' guys....
I tried our the free weekend:Pros>You can tamper with the video optionsCons> You can't play online> You can't play the campaign> You can't customise your classes> You can't actually do anything...
Posted: 26 Feb @ 12:22pmThe game is broken.Crash / Freeze if:* Change certain settings* Load into a level* Go back to main menuReviewed again 30th JulySame problem, the developers aren't even trying to make their game work properly.Review is updated and I strongly discourage anyone from paying for this game.
Freezes every time i want to change graphic options. Best game ever.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Рогалик за 2к рубасов... Лост конекшн: Статус - Бургундия \ 10
free this weekend my ♥♥♥♥♥u cant even play the ♥♥♥♥ing game all u can do is go throught the menu and options
Couldnt find a game
I only tried this on free weekend and I couldn't even play it. I didn't have the graphics card drivers updated so some problems could be because of that.-I had no sound, at all.-The options menu is inside multiplayer instead of the main menu. But the Store it's there because it's more important.-A cutscene appears every time I pick multiplayer (I skipted it).-"Find a match" is locked, I've heard on the internet that you have to watch the cutscene to select a team or something. If watching the cutscene is important, why let the people skip it?-Preloading shaders take a very long time.
its free now, but still it feels like I overpaid
crashed twice in 13 mins.never even got a game...just waiting in a half empty lobby.good work activision...free is too expensive.uninstalled.
I Dont like this game coz they didnt add split screen,the maps are bad and theres no nuketown! the weapons are horrible zombies in space land WORST MAP IN GAME why dont put this for free activision put bo3 for free for a coupe of hours u can do better!
It's even worse on PC than it is on Console.
Played the free weekend, spent most of my time in a game lobby cuz it wouldnt start, cant even play zombies or campaign instead, Do not recommend
Before I start, I'd like to say that (1) this is my first time playing any CoD game, and (2) I came from playing mostly Titanfall, TF2, and Overwatch.Unfortunately, there really wasn't much I like about the game. The game it felt most similar to was Titanfall 2, but even then it's only a very slight similarity.I'll start off with the movement system. Just like Titanfall 2, CoD has wall runs, slides, sprints, and of course normal running. In place of double jumps, though, CoD has a jetpack thing. However, the movement system in Titanfall 2 is much, MUCH smoother and more fluid. In CoD the fastest I could really go is by sliding, but you can't chain slides, and they only last for a second or so. Overall it kinda just felt like I was sprinting everywhere. In Titanfall, on the other hand, everything is much more fast paced. While there is sprinting in Titanfall, you actually spend much more time in the air and sliding, making it feel much more fast-paced and fun. I only played for a short amount of time, so there might be ways to speed up, but they're not really obvious to the player then if I wasn't able to figure them out. Next up, the weapons. Most of the weapons that I saw were incredibly inaccurate and required you to ADS to get any decent accuracy at all. The ones that I tried also had almost excessive amounts of recoil, making it difficult to actually shoot people, and it felt like RNG was deciding how I did more than my aim.Now for the maps. In terms of design and aesthetics, I actually really liked the maps. They were all quite unique and had very different feels to them. However, in terms of actual gameplay, I did not like the maps at all. They were cramped and almost more like long networks of hallways than actual open maps. Add onto this the fact that wall running in this game is so boring, and it makes the maps very difficult to navigate, and games kind of felt like people were just running around and shooting people whenever they ran into someone, rather than actively seeking out people.Gameplay itself is kind of boring too. The objectives were usually just "kill the enemy" or "cpntrol a point", and they weren't really that creative.All in all, I don't recommend this game. It's not terrible, but it has some serious design flaws that need to be addressed before I will even consider buying it. At the moment, it just feels like a slow, cramped, and less fun Titanfall 2, without the giant robots.
Every time i try to play, i get an error that it Faled Connection To Host, Status:Burgundiaafter looking that up, it said i need to shorten my name on steam... no. fix your damn game instead.waste of time and i wont be wasting my money on it now.
can't fullscreen.... wow
Well, I have a free weekend full of nothing more than multiplayer (that i didnt play cause i was constantly losing conection with the host for some reason). Now i have a full disc an the ability to visit the in game store full of useless thing that i cant use cause i cant play anything.. I thing im going to buy that f*ck i liked the waiting
Yes, wasted my time just to write a negative review thanks me later Activision :)
Note that this short review only covers multiplayer during free-to-play weekend. This is not a hate review.For those who get connection errors when loading, shorten your Steam name to less than 15 characters.tl;dr, I don't recommend if you want to play other game modes other than team deathmatch as there are no lobbies for anything besides TDM. All Call of Duty titles on PC inherit this fatal issue.The game is very easy because everyone is using a controller while I'm here top fragging every team deathmatch game I play because I use a mouse and keyboard like normal people on PC who play first person shooters do. No controller sensitivity will match the muscle memory that goes into every flick of the mouse when there is a bogey on my six, as such I die from people in front of me more than those who sneak up from behind because I apparently have more ears than I do eyes. I await the day when console plebs accuse me of hacking when all I have is a gaming mouse, though by default the game sets the sensitivity to 5 as is with every other Call of Duty title in the past. It's 2017, Infinity Ward; no one uses a 400 DPI mouse anymore. I personally use 2.5 sensitivity with smooth mouse disabled because 2.5 is what all source games use by default (and it goes nicely with 800 DPI) and smooth mouse is a fancy name for mouse acceleration, which is obviously bad to have on.Anyways, the gameplay is fun but I can see myself two hours after starting the game to put the game down because it quickly gets stale. I'll play a few matches before finally realizing that the game is boring and close the game. It has that Titanfall vibe to it; it is really fun at first, but it doesn't last more than a few hours. But instead of finding different ways to express how boring this game is, let me tell you that, as a sniper who uses the EBR-800 in assault rifle mode 99% of the time, it was very rewarding to get those really BS kills and then sympathize on text chat and make some friends in the end. The Longbow is also pretty rewarding if you play aggressively with it instead of holding mid lane all the time, which is what I did in that one map where everything is white and all the dead players' bodies float upward.In terms of weapon balancing, the auto shotgun is basically the Brecchi from Black Ops 3, the Longbow is the AWP from CS:GO, and the payload weapons are incredibly easy to use.Do I recommend you buy this game on PC? No, I don't. Since everyone plays team deathmatch and nothing else, you'd be hard pressed to find a lobby for other game modes. This is not the game's fault, but the players' stale taste. All past Call of Duty games suffer from the same "TDM or nothing" plague, and I wish that weren't the case with the more recent releases.Speaking of players, it is impossible to mute them, as the toggle mute button disappears when you move your mouse away from the offender. A bug as simple as not being able to mute someone in-game should not be overlooked. This really makes me question if Activision even has a quality assurance team to begin with.Search and destroy was completely absent from the game, one of my favorite game modes, so I was forced to play Team Deathmatch for the duration of my gameplay. Shame.If there is anything I missed, do ask in the comments and I will share my experience.
Из всей игры понравилась только одиночная компания и то показалась короткой к прохождению, в остальном считаю мультиплеер худшим из всей серии почему;первое что забесило это очень долгий поиск серверов и причем после всего ожидания тебя может с легкостью выкинуть в начало игры и так повторятся несколько раз (дэбилизм),также замечаю что на некоторые сервера попадаешь и там попасть в врага очень легко а на другие попадаешь и попасть тяжело ,тоесть как я понимаю пинг бывает разный и где то комфортно а где то нет и это все опять ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ый косяк разработчика со своей мудреной поисковой системой а по пингу в игре на иконке все четко ))).Едем дальше.,Карты маленькие,смерть быстрая-утомляет постоянство.С самого начала игры нужно копаться в настройках да так чтоб не ходить как беременная корова, за три месяца игры в это ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ицо я только догнал что надо включить синхронизацию мышки что в винде что в игре для того чтобы я хоть на чуток стал лучше попадать в противника,до этого в стрейфе попасть было тяжело и всегда проигрыш а казалось бы чуш полная.,во всех кодлах начиная с Код4 и до БО3 настройки мышки были у меня без ускорения ну оно и понятно все вручную для болей точности ,а вот нет это ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ицо ведет себя подругому и на удивление непонятно. По оружию дробовики имеют ничтожную дальность и если валить то валить только в упор зато пистолеты как автоматы что в близи что в дали прекрастны).Хочется сказать что с диском шло две игры нуу с инфинити шляпс все понятно ну а вот от ремастера Код4 я неожидал шляпса, впринципе там все хорошо с картами ,стволами ведь это игра 2007 года которая всех поразила в то время своей уникальностью но вот нарезанная на нее графика тянет ее на дно не дает она той динамичности что в Код4 оригинал поэтому я имея два диска ремастер и оригинал я выбираю ОРИГИНАЛ. Считаю что разработчик в 2016 году ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ался с релизом нового продукта и чтобы полностью не утонуть в жиже ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ица выбросили домазанный ремастер 4 кода и даже так это тяжелый груз который все равно тянет на дно. Кто то скажет нет не так,возможно ты купил первую игру кода, я же хаваю это каждый год и для меня разница очевидна! Скажу что при всем написанном я продолжаю поигрывать в это чудо убожества ведь чем то она манит и влечет и потрачены деньги),но я не советою покупать ее даже если две игры в одной упаковке как в моем случае, из всех последних леталок ,прилипалок кода лучшая на мой взляд адвансед варфар и кстати в этом 2017 году в ноябре выйдет очереднфя кодла от этого же разработчика с войной которая там будет предположительно проходить во времена Вьетнама. Всем удачи и точных попаданий!
Dont Buy This Game!
Thanks for this oportunity to see that I don't want to play or spend my money on this c*!@#$%?y game. (^_^)Rly. You found the worst game to show on free weekend.
not for me ,and free wekend without CAREER MOD   is  sh.t .
Graphically it looks nice, gameplay is boring, i could only find a TDM match (literally waited for like 30 minutes in certain playlists i really wanted to play and not a single person was found) The matches i played online ran pretty well on max graphics its not like a bad port its just a bad game, hence the bad reviews. All in all i cant believe im saying this but i would actually buy it if it was like $15 or lower, but for the none exsistent player base its not worth $30. How it runs 7/10 How it plays (Gameplay) 5/10. Skip until its REALLY cheap.
This is a terrible port.  I had to end  the games process to get out of  the game when I changed it to full screen. The game froze looking for a match  , I tried to end task/process but it wouldn't let me   and continously   played sounds that were equivelant to  morse code at  me.  Had to manually reset my computer. Not even going to try to place this again. I have had better luck with early access  games like Ark and Conan exiles . If you want to make money on PC you have to actually put some morem oney and effort into the development of these games.   In a world where you can play free first eprson shooters on PC  that are better and run better than this game, this game is pointless garbage.
Thought i should give it a shot but, every time i try to join a match it fails. Uuuum 0/8 not good r8ing uninstall dont recommend skip this game
Tried to play the game during the free Weekend. Couldnt even "connect" to a custom match against bots because the connection to the host failed. Great game...
Absolutely awful f**k off already Infinity Wank no one wants your garbage games.
Could have been a good game, but the thing is like a close combat cheatfest.And sometimes (even when its FREE for the weekend) its hard to get a game.Waiting... waiting.... And they sliced off my lil country from the rest of the worlds major regions.Eff paying for that.
The mute option retreated when I moved my mouse from the person who was reading the bible over the microphone. I had to mash the over arrow and enter key while holding left click. It took a few tries but eventually he shut up. Oh would you look at that this game does alot of the things black ops 3 did but worse. Is the community over paying for maps as downloadable content? My feeling is that yes, we are; this is the earliest I've ever seen a cod game go on sale. Heck in the past they wouldnt go on sale untill halfway through the life of its successor. I think after years of beating a dead horse, the river has run dry. 60$ was alot to shell out for a brand new game, but your paying to be part of the multiplayer experience as the meta is formed and if you wanted to have fun with the game three months after release you needed a 60 dollar season pass expansion. 120$ is more than half the standard cost for a current gen console. I haven't researched prices for xbox1 or ps4 because it was cheaper to build a powerfull machine, but I would assume they will be 200$ like the rest of thier ancestors. I got a little side tracked because season pass games are a terrible business model but that doesnt change the fact that: this game isn't worth 0$. What happened to the gaming industry? there used to be years that I was happy to spend 60$ on most of the release titles, now I'm lucky to find one worth buying a year. It's as if they don't use quality assurance or play testers anymore. However, they shovel on incomplete flawwed garbage and instead of rekindling the flame it gets effectively snuffed out instead. Back to playing decade old games
"+100 Assisted Suicide"Probably the best reason ever to give someone points in a game.
WASTE OF TIME< DONT INSTALL FOR THIS FREE WEEKEND!! EVERYTHING IS BASCIALLY LOCKED. WASTE OF TIME!!!
Where are the options??No settings?And freeze all the time
This game has too much blure in graphics everywhere (everything looks annoying for eyes)  and it It requires the best computer components for playing it without any "dirt" on your screen (no idea why is it so because pictures in this COD:IW and COD:MW3 are same) The game is not better than COD:MW2 yet... Also it's a pitty that i need to buy this strange one to play COD remastered :(THE FUTURE IS NOT THE THING YOU MUST PUT IN CALL OF DUTY! (paradoxically it's boring and not alive like the present)THE PRESENT IS MUCH BETTER TO ACT IN! STOP RUIN THE GAME!
lol cant even get into a game beefore it says connection lost to host
No Sound and Crashed all the time - Bad Demo - Will never purchase this!
Worst game I have ever played. Please just do us a favor and stop making games tell they are realist again.
The game really isnt that bad to me to be honest, similiar to advanced warfare. My only issue is how hard it is to join a match, its takes for ever to find all the players and its like a 50% chance i will get disconnected from host. my internet is fine all my other games play normally. For Multiplayer, atleast let 4 or more players go into a game instead of waiting for it to be exactly the maxium amount of players like 8 for an example. For zombies, i actually like the zombies its pretty easy to catch on and its simple not as complexed as some of the older ones. My only is with zombies is once again i have to wait atleast 15 min in a lobby to locate all 4 players to start. All in all the game is ok if i can actually play games ill be happy just gotta fix the connectivity issue and allow a lower amount of players to start matches as in previous call of dutys.
Game runs horribly on PC, I have a 970, I can run Overwatch with everything maxed and get 60fps, I can run The Witcher 3 with everything on high maintaining roughly 50 fps.  This game, with everything on lowest settings was getting 15 fps sitting on the menu and between 10 and 12 playing a match in multiplayer.  Do not buy this game, it is terribly made, just like the last CoD was.  They haven't changed their ways and they never will.  Save your money and buy something that's actually worth it.
This sentiment has been echoed a lot but I've never really agreed with it until now. IW fell far, far away from Black Ops 3. The game doesn't even feel like CoD anymore. It doesn't feel polished. Movement feels heavy and clunky which doesn't seem right when the game gives you jump packs and stuff like that.And gone is the fun arcady shooter with some skill, it's now a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ collector's shooter where you have to grab the best gun to be able to do well. This is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥I expect from a free P2W CS clone. Not a triple A shooter expecting full price. I honestly, don't think they can do worse than this. It just isn't fun at all.
Game is TRASH and isn't even as good as the old MW2 game. However MW2 has no servers anymore and you still pay $20 which is over priced for a game that is over 10 years old. which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. ininite warfare sucks. and so do all the other COD games but black ops 2 and MW2
the game is like 40gbs it took me long to download with my slow internet and i cant play the game at all. all i got is Error Lost Connection to Host every time i try to play:*(
Szerintem túl egyhangúak a pályák.Ollyan mintha mindendenpálya ugyan az a labirintus lenne csak más falak vasznek körbe. Hiányoznak a terek (igazi sniperes pályák).Egy idő után unalmas.
This♥♥♥♥♥♥is literally a complete ripoff of BLOPs 3, simply reskinned. If ur a fan of BLOPs 3 and want new maps then this is for U
nah
It's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
I wouldn't play more of this game if it was permanently free to play sorry...
Game is completely unoptimized......
So, you can't join a game if you have a name over 15 characters. Like, you will get immediately kicked with no warning, and there is no explanation given. This is probably the most bizarre thing I've ever come across.
100% chance on crashing when attempting to join a game. Sometimes, it's that simple...
91fps cap lock wtf and reusing maps thats great since you basically ripped ideas straight from halo you couldnt even make it look unique im not against sci-fi shooter but dont carbon copy other games
Downloaded game for free weekend, finding match ... 15 minutes later still finding match WTF? Could not play even one match.
Played during the free to play weekend.Cons:- Spent more time trying to make the game work than I spent playing- Movement doesn't feel right unless you're sliding literally everywherePros:- Finally updated my video drivers-
I played the Free weekend and after one match i uninstalled it... this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥even Advanced Warefare is better, And the menus are so bad... Do not buy this game!
GG fatal error disc image21.pak ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.........
It okJK this is just bo3 but worst
Step 1: open gameStep 2: Join a match Step 3: Uninstall gameStep 4: ????Step 5: Profit
Trash game has completely lost it i was bored after 20 mins would not pay for this game such a fail clunky cartoon looking garbage What happend to cod ? Do not buy it complete waste of time .
I tried it out for the free weekend event. I enjoyed it for a bit, But than I lost all intrested. You'll have to have a really good PC to run it, So if you dont have a very good computer don't buy it. For the free weekend you couldn't play the zombies mode, Only Multiplayer and the Campaign. I didn't play the campaign so I don't know what it's like. The game is very nice looking and runs smooth (If you have a good PC) so it's not like this game is all that bad. Graphics in the game are beautiful (Once again if you have a really good PC) but gameplay isn't all that good. I just recommend buying Call of Duty: Black Ops lll insted of this, Only if you're looking for a exo-suit CoD game to buy. If you're looking for a boots on the ground CoD DON'T buy this game. Buy one of the Modern Warfare games, They're worth your money. Saying all of this I do not recommend this game.
WHY
Activision, you aren't supposed to have a free weekend for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game! You're supposed to just put it on sale!
CoD: Infinite Warfare's multiplayer is a mixed bag, but ultimitely fails. This review is based off of 2.4 hours of gameplay and reaching level 11. I also think most CoD games have the most cancerous review sections. Just go look at the recent reviews and you'll see some really bad ones, positive or negative.The multiplayer in this CoD is what you would expect from any other futuristic CoD: an insane, loud, and obnoxious twitch shooter where enemies come from every direction, you get spawn trapped by killstreaks, and toxic kids try really hard by smashing the boost key and spraying from the hip while soaring through the air. That's what I set my expectations, and they were spot on. The game also shares the opinion I have on Black Ops 3: a densely mixed bag.One main reason this review is negative is because I want boots on the ground again. Sure, you did Modern Warfare Remastered, but that's locked behind the Legacy Edition worth $80 full price, forcing you to buy Infinite Warfare if you want to or not. Come on, Activision. Sell the game seperately. You would make so much money.CoD Infinite Warfare's multiplayer is another toxic twitch shooter inside a pretty average PC port. That's all there is to say about it. I'll take other shooters like R6 Siege any day over CoD.
This is a bad game... 75% is locked and the run and gun mutiplayer which is availble isn't really fun at all... I would like my 40 mins back...
Good Matchmaking. I recommend this game if you like to be losing team.
i want morden war not future
F*** off with your "free weekend"... No Zombies-->No  chance im even trying ♥♥♥♥♥es... Oh the stupidy..
I would say its the same old CoD but its not. Its the new CoD that they keep rehashing and is actually a pay wall to get to the CoD we actually want to play. You know, the good one. Modern Warfare.
Infinity Ward. Stop. This game is bad. Stop. You are bad. Stop. Stop.
cant play anything♥♥♥♥♥♥
Absolute bag of **Since cod 4 this series has got shockingly worse.This free crappy weekend cant find a game to play hardly and it is a total waste of the 70Gig hard sick space
Terrible Terrible Terrible! I want my free back! And my 37 Minutes!
Make Call of Duty Great Again
Last time I played a game in the Call of Duty series was Modern Warfare. Given that there was a free weekend, I decided to give it a try.After a couple of hours, I had to uninstall. The amount of hackers in this game is surreal. There's nothing more enjoyable than getting wrecked my aimbots shortly after spawn. Not to mention the useless garbage that has been added to the series.This game is garbage. This game isn't even worth the free weekend.
call of duty backed me out of my match just to answer a survey
only people in team camp match....(i used to cod a hell of a lot btw) same ol rinse and repeat bs...Crashes.....
Cant even load a private match without crashing! Can I have my Free back?
This Game get the award for the "♥♥♥♥♥iest Game Of The World"
After freezing whenever I tried to change the settings I can say on a fundamental level this game isn't the best.
In regards to the 'Legacy Edition', I don't see the point in spending extra money for a game which we have been playing since 2007. If I wanted to play COD4 then I'd play COD4. I would like a new game which adheres to the classic gameplay style that COD4 brought to us, not a remake of an old game simply because there is a total lack of innovation on behalf of the developers.In regards to 'Infinite Warfare' itself, I gave the game a trial during the free weekend and found it to be nothing more than the same old boring futuristic theme which I have never been a fan of to begin with. I have always hated boost jumping and wall running and I always will. There is not much more to say about this matter - 1/10
Donwloaded 2 day free play, Could not play as match making cant even find 5 players ...........
I played 62 minutes of this game and I want them back, but I can't so do yourself a favor and never play this game.
free weekend? you mean evything is locked but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer, the only thing i didn't want to play, at least give us the zombie you cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ company, waste of download
Dull. Repetitive. Tried to play as a Lan night....even with Beer and really wanting to enjoy it we quit after 30 minutes of chase - shoot - die - respawn
Just as bad as I expected.
Game froze everytime you try to update a graphic setting and the map wouldn't even load so no. Turrible.
Horrible excuse of a regurgitated pile of crap. Wouldnt even load into game. "Match started, loading level' everytime i try to join a game; and just stays loading for as long as i leave it. Stupid idiot developers.
♥♥♥♥ING trashcan Garbage♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Worst ♥♥♥♥in COD ever made you dumb ♥♥♥♥ing money hungry ballbags
♥♥♥♥.
There is nothing i can do. I've downloaded 40GB for a menu which leads to a bunch of locks. zombies - locked. campaign - locked. multiplayer - many more menus which lead to nothing.
Just dont, Save your money and breath and get Battlefield 1. and if your looking for cool futuristic style war game just get SW battlefront.activision killed COD about 3 games ago.
steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ i'm on the free weekend, i was like, oh i might as well try it out to see if i like it, and there are some seriously ♥♥♥♥ed up problems.1. loading up the game made me wait over 5 minutes for it to load♥♥♥♥♥♥it should have already loaded, then it made me restart.2. there is no options selection on the home screen that shows "campaign multiplayer zombies store3. first time into multiplayer i had to watch a cinematic written by morons and voice acted by a literal retard.4. they named the quartermaster robot another cliched overused as ♥♥♥♥ stereotypical alphanumeric robot name.5. you startle the robot, obviously stolen from the 'ah, you scared me!' from the marines in SC26. I CAN'T FIND A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, WAIT 10 MINUTES AND THEN YOU FIND ONE AND THEN IT KICKS YOU OUT!7. this part is so vile and disgusting i don't even want to attempt to play the game after it... the brightness slider is completely broken. WHEN YOU MAKE A ♥♥♥♥ING AAA TITLE, YOU MAKE SURE THAT THE BASICS ♥♥♥♥ING WORK BEFORE YOU DO ANYTHING ELSE! WHEN A ♥♥♥♥ING MENU SLIDER DOESN'T WORK WHATSOEVER, YOU FAIL AS A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME DEVELOPER AND YOU SHOULD RETIRE IMMEDIATELY!overall a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ experience and i hope the people who made this game get their fingers cut off by the yakuza so they can never fill our world with their abortion-resembling "games"
Download during the free weekend for such amazing features like:>Unable to connect to host>Unable to secure connection to the host>Cannot establish connection to hosrHonestly, this♥♥♥♥♥♥series should have stopped like 4 games ago. Buy Titanfall 2 and actually have some fun.
This garbage is so glitchy and takes a year to find a match if you wanting to by this for the modern warefare remastered then wait for it to come out on its own instead of payign 80 bucks
Reactions:Okay finally installed lets see... preloading shaders.. just like console you have to update it at first time okay ill wait..5 minutes laterokay lets play some multiplayer since im locked out of campaign and zombies...why is the multiplayer intro looking like its 24fps at 60fps??alright finally some action. terminal my favorite mw2 map"Unable to secure an established connection to host"uh ok.. ill retrythere we go! now lets play5 minutes laterWTF why is this so fast paced?? Literally getting sick from the what seems like motion blur of 180'ing every 2 seconds to see a guy in the airtl;drend me.
Online doesnt even work, lose connection everytime i try and join a lobby. Not even a good game to begin with let alone all the bugs
Bad game. Don't give activision your money, it will tell them that they should keep making cookie cutter COD games with $50 season passes every single year that adds nothing new.
I played it for 30 minutes this weekened and dropped. Real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game! I would rather play Battlefield 1 with friends.
trash
Aweful software. Don't bother
Tried to play it for the free weekend and to start with, the game locks up easily as can be. Next up is the fact that it opens by default on the wrong monitor if you have multiple of them. Third I could not even get it to load up so this game is crap to me.
i mean, if you have 60 bucks to waste on♥♥♥♥♥♥br>at least waste it on the good♥♥♥♥♥♥br>like titanfall2
...
bugs even in the spawn point, nearly 41gb to download, multiplayer is the only thing avaible to play, definitely not worth it
A waste of space.
Call of Duty..... what the heck happened????
Impossible to join lobbies with friends. Why would I buy this game if it doesn't even work during the free weekend?
Worst game ever, the only good part is zombies.
Same ol same ol p2p connection with awesome lag compensationhack fest tdm only others mp modes you will die waiting faster than finding a match
waiting 5 hours to download, cant even connect to one game  horrible servers.
Just not fun
A lot like Black Ops 3, but much worse in many ways. Certainly not worth paying for.
This game is like a bad mix of halo and titan fall. I miss the real call of duty, anti halo. What a waste of time installing.
I don't know if the game is good or bad because the MP matchmaking takes forever. 1 hour trying just 1 game found. That match was fun though.It seems that the MP community is dead, even this weekend that is free for everyone.
Wroth it................ for free to play.not wroth the price :p
Never ever in my life a game has made me want to die so badly.
call of duty infinite warfare suffers from the same old issues as all the call of duty games. namely linear, too short and no depth.These days one expects more than just a series of missions with no character depth or freedom of movement, for instance once aboard the carrier you are restricted to four rooms and even  then you are not really free to move between them.  After a mission it suggests that you visit the amoury to see new weapons. You can't. You simply cannot until the beginning of the next mission.Interaction with other characters is not possible, other than cut scenes, preventing one from forming bonds with the characters. In a nut shell you end up not caring enough about your fellow team mates simple because they are a bunch of strangers. I think the restrictive nature of the game comes down to the games out dated engine.If you just want to shoot things without any interaction then try this game. If you want more from your game then forget it.
I got kicked from every game I joined, haha, I got kicked in my own private match 2
Score: 1/10Have you ever thought; "Hey, I really wouldn't like having fun today"? Have you ever wondered what MW2 would be like if it had obnoxious jetpacks and more guns with no recoil? Look no further, because Infinite Warfare brings you all of the rage-inducing, annoying, trivial "gameplay" you could ever hope for. If you manage to grit your teeth through the agonizing wait times (even during a free weekend), you'll be thrown into a lobby with the bare minimum, against people with guns with 0 recoil, killstreaks. and various other forms of skill-free fun. Graphically, the game is pathetic for as new as it is, and the audio is so toy-like it's laughable. The gameplay is the same as other CoD games since Black Ops 1, being that you continually get killed in spawn by airstrikes, exploding drones, auto-aiming lazer beams, and more fun items. I truly pity those who wasted actual money on this game, because I can barely stand it for free. At least it uninstalls quickly.
Would be actually quite some fun if it didnt have the stupid jetpacking and wall running
meh...fun if its free.
awful and unenjoyable dont buy it.
Wasted a few hours of my weekend. Not one minute of game time. Glad I waited prior to purchasing this. The first COD game I haven't purchased and that seems to be a big win for me.Sad when the repackaged repeat is worth more than the new release from the last decades number one game designer.If you can't interpret this review - the game is broken and there is nothing on line to guide you to a repair.
Terrible
Played for one TDM, this game is complete trash. I would rather play club penguin for 48 hours straight than another second of this horrific cod.
Played for one TDM, this game is complete trash. I would rather play club penguin for 48 hours straight than another second of this horrific cod.
This game like to crash and should be avoided.No wonder there is currently a 50% off sale on this POS.
i want my hard drive space back.
Cancer
it can't load in anything!
This is one of the most poorly designed games I have ever played.  If you buy this, you deserve every last drop of disappointement and frustration you receive.
no
Free Weekend Review. Looking at the COD games. And When I stopped at World at war. and COD 4. I do not regret that decision. I was greatly dissapointed with this game overall. Multiplayer: Feels like a grind fest. If Someone who can't aim can kill me with a weapon more stat better than mine and locked to me. The game is imidetly discarded. Preformance:I have GTX 970 had initial loading issuess. Lowered to lower settings and ran fine. Gameplay:Like the new concepts of being able to be agile in combat. Really nice. Probably the only reason people still playing this. Overall:For a full AAA price this game is poor. Boring Multiplayer. If I felt riped off when I got it for free I would not recomment this.
Well free weekend but nothing but MP. well I don't play Cod for mp myself so wasted 39.9 gigs of bandwidth cap for garbage mp only.
Wont run says I need to purchase first
This game is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
Call of Future: Infinite ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
so this is  ♥♥♥♥♥♥ :)
horrendously bad. you should not buy ever! even if you buy the game there is a chance that you cant play with your friends.overall♥♥♥♥♥♥
The free weekend has allowed me to jump back into Call of Duty for the first time in maany years. For the first little bit it was refreshingly well made and I was suprised. Then I remembered why Call of Duty is so bad.  Terrible spawning. Bad control of movement and gun (they seem to be designed with Dual Analog Aim Assist in mind). Annoying "Unlock this gun and you generally win" type balancing. Very few maps. And split second gameplay that leaves you generally up to luck even if you're fast enough. On top of Netcode that allows people to kill you with those last few rounds, despite having already turned the corner and ran another 10 feet. And the general issue of people actually being able to see you bbefore you see them in your game, because of how netcode works.Even worse, people seem to hate this game so certain modes are nearly impossible to get a lobby full in. I'm specifically thinking of Team Death Match, and  Free For All.Ultimately proving that this series is one of  poor design, atleast this time around.  I am certainly not playing any Call of Duty game again. I gave it a few years, and within an hour of trying it again I found the game to be disappointing.
Every time i went into a match for online it is takes a long time to load and when it does load it crashed. Also everytime i changed the graphical settings it just freezes, this was honestly the worst game i have ever played.
Garbage
Failed to connect to a game and got stuck in lobby every time. Couldn't create party with friends.
Do I recommend this game? Absolutely not.Can't even get in a game with my friends!Don't even try this game for free >:l
Lost Connection. Played this on the Free Weekend. Although "play" isn't really the right word. More like sitting in lobbies and never being able to connect to a game. Not only have they locked away the single player for this game for the Free Weekend, but you can't even play the mulitplayer because of all the connection issues. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your hard drive space, especially not your money.
I would rather Slice my ballsack than play this game ever again
I only can tell it was a waste of time download this game just to be able to play with bots in custom matches, and thats it! no campaing and and multiplayer for the free weekend, don t waste your time and broadband
"Lost connection." You're better off getting chlamydia from a five cent street walker than waiting for this piece of trash to work online.0/10
piece of♥♥♥♥♥
Free2Play Weekend Experience. 48 hrs to try the taste of 'new' COD:IWI've downloaded 40 Gb of 'demo' version which doesnt give u any chance to check out even one level of campaign.Preparing shaders (esc), getting an crate for day 1 of consecutive login. Boom, game freezes. Restarted the game in 'safe' mode. Went into graph settings, game freezes once again. In main menu it gets good old 60 fps. Noice game, best product experience :D 40 minutes of pain&tearsEven with an disscount at 50% (lul) after 5 monthes passed, when older version like BO1, MW3, BO2 got 50% after years :DSomething went bad, Activision? Remastered COD:MW version still bundled with it.
"Free Weekend" basically means "Free to play multiplayer but force you to buy it to play any other part of the gigs of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you just downloaded"I agree with most of the negative reviews, this is a heaping pile of crap IW pushed out just to try to juice their sales. Way to run your company into the ground :) have fun losing investors and going bankrupt. Good riddance.
same old
Was unable to join a single match.
I tired playing during the free weekend and the game told me "I do not own the product and need to purchase it though steam". It doesn't make any sense why a game would give a message like that when trying to promote itself during a free weekend. I can only imagine how the rest of the game is if it's expecting me to buy the game before I even try it during a free trial. Black ops 2 was the last good call of duty and you shouldn't waste your time or money on any other cod after.
battlefield and chill this game sucks
Tried the free trial for the game.Took about 4 years to prepare shaders while I was in the ♥♥♥♥ing start menu.Took another 4 years to load a deathmatch, then it stopped responding. I opened debugger and tried to find out what was wrong. That froze too.Wow.
Not even worth it for free.
TOTAL GARBAGE!!!!!I have tried to play ANY MATCH on multi, but unsuccessfull!!!There were only broken connections, nothing else.All the rest is buy-me content only, even single campaing.Just wasted my time...
Seriously, an OVERWHELMINGLY NEGATIVE rating should be enough to drive you away from the game. It says that only 17% of 1,500 reviewers actually recommend the game, and none of them made the front page. All the reviews are negative.I remember when Call of Duty used to be fun. When it felt good to be the best amongst your friends when they came over to your house to play with you. What happened to THAT Call of Duty? This is the furthest thing from the Call of Dutys that put the series at its best and most proud moments. This is nothing like the "good 'ole days." Online is dead, and it's not hard to see why. The menus are cluttered with so many options that I tried to customize a gun and ended up almost buying a Season Pass... to a free weekend game. I didn't bother with the menus after that. The gameplay is like any other futuristic Call of Duty: jetpacks, wall running, and bullets that go through your enemies. Seriously, the hit detection in this game is worse than Black Ops 1. DLC already out means they knew they had an unfinished product and tried to capitalize on kids using their parents credit cards. The action is as cluttered as the menus with 700 things going on at once I ended up just sitting behind a box because I didnt know where I was going and the spawns flipped so fast.I didn't try the campaign because of reading the other reviews but I'll let you know what they said: cluttered, boring, forgettable, and predictable.Didn't try out Zombies because they locked it on a free weekend after downloading 40GB worth of data. Yeah, even Activision knows their game sucks and hid half of it from free weekend users.Save yourself even on a free weekend and go play that game sitting in your library you haven't touched but need the motivation to.
not recommended, dont waste your money, 50gb of waste that I need to delete
.
Downloaded the game and I would rate it 0/10 it's so stupid to just buy the game since it's on a free trial limit even if you click on campaign it won't work only on multiplayer it does nor zombies will work. I would not even think about testing this game out even if your RAM doesn't have the requirements I would say no it's just a waste of Data and gigabytes. I vote that if their putting any game on a free trial for one day and for a certain amount of hours to make the game open play even if it says you must buy the game and your not the owner of it I would just keep it on there since you might want to save it for future dates but I would not recommand installing a free trial game that doesn't allow you to access anything except multiplayer mode at all.Also note this fact every game that steam puts on for a free test drive for any game their game creator put their game up for a test drive without paying for it.Call of duty infinite warfare is a WIP aka Work in progress just a rip off not even I can play multiplayer cause it loses connection badly.
this♥♥♥♥♥♥hole game is dead its way better on console COD is not meant for PC KYS
This game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT BUY CALL OF DUTY's, and if u do, kill yourself after you do it.
I got this game for the free weekend. How can I recommend this game if it doesn't work? I tried campaign mode, but it claims that I don't "own the content". Sure, I don't "own it" but it's a free weekend, right? Also, the multiplayer doesn't work since it "can't establish secure connection". How the hell am I supposed to play it then? What IW has done here is taken their already HORRIBLE rated game and made it even WORSE.
doesnt work
was going to buy it but after trying it i changed my mind due to the terrible frame rate.
free weekend-tried-dont likesimple as that
My no. 1 grip: party code is poor and in similar state to MW2.This was already mostly fixed from MW3 to BO3, but somehow it seems IW has managed to discard all those fixes and rolled itself back several years into a very buggy state.- Trying to join friend says "Server is full" when friend is alone waiting in lobby- Will randomly break party up and we then need to go back to lobby to regroup- Party indicators are broken in lobby - some players are solo but have the party bar next to them
worst game ever doesnt work
NOPE
Bad news  free weekend didnt happen
This has to be the owrst Call of Duty ever made. The multiplayer on Infinite Warfare is awful, bad gun balancing and servers not populated well. If your planning on buying this for the remaster of CoD 4, don't bother it is an extremely badly ported version of the game and doesn't run well, I have 2 980Ti's and had to disable SLI on both titles as it isn't supported well and gives very bad frame drops. With SLI disabled it still runs rougher than an African Tractor. Just wait for the next one.
Garbage
DOESN'T.BLOODY.WORK.0/10 DON'T GIVE THEM MONEY FO...
This is just♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
I honeslty don't like the UI in this game. I feel very cluttered with all the futuristic HUD and stuff when playing. I also don't like the atmosphere because it's all futuristic. It kinda puts me off and I don't really enjoy it.
Hackers paradise! Do not waste your money on this one...
WHEN i PLAY A FREE GAME DEMO AND I STILL FEEL LIKE I JUST GOT RIPPED OFF..TIME FOR A NEW GAME SELECTION!!
Wanted to give the game an honest try for the freeweekend after not playing a CoD game since MW2. Didnt even get that far. Game installed and setup correctly, but wont allow me to even start matchmaking for a multiplayer game. No explanation why, no warning or anything the only thing that is clickable is the loadout menu, which is just filled with another list of unselectable options because I have not unlocked anything. Trying to go back to the main menu crashes the game. Thirty minutes of game time was me litterally trying and failing to figure out why it wasn't letting me play and why it was crashing.Terrible experience after nearly 8 years away. Probably wont give it another try for another 8.
The Game is such crappy♥♥♥♥♥♥.. 60€ for a Game that has a worse singleplayer which is to short and an online mode which is making problems all the time, cant even join my own game. Won´t buy any of this games in the next years...You can get so many better games. DONT BUY THIS if you
So after ive found out that this game was free to play on the weekend i decided to download it to try it out cause this is the only cod game ive never played yet. so when i was bout to try teamdeath match the game never load me into at least one game. Ive waited and waited for the match to start but the game repeately crash while it was loading the map. Most of my friends told me how bad the game is and that this game contains so much nugs and errors, im sorry to say this game is wait of your time. infinity wards plz leave the call of duty & zombies making to trayarch
(Disclaimer: Free Weekend Review)How far has Call of Duty fallen from Grace? ...Remember when Activision used to care? I 'member!I had to download this just to see if it was as bad as everybody said. From what I had seen, it looked bad, but... it plays poorly as well. This game... it just feels... awful. The game feels so weighty and slow. Call of Duty used to be about speed, but now it just feels like a generic rip off of itself. If that were even possible. No, you can't make me nostalgia by doing reskins of MW2 maps like Terminal. The game just feels entirely wrong. And I think we are all sick of people flying all over the air and running up and down walls. There's just too much going on at once. And somehow the spawns seem to be terrible at times. There's ALWAYS somebody behind me. I just can't help but feel like Call of Duty has just finally done itself in. For once though, I will say this finally feels like an optimized PC port IN TERMS OF FRAMERATE. Runs better than Black Ops III did in my experience. But of course, no servers, just match making. Which is trash. I'm getting a locked 60 fps with the current graphics configuration I'm using (all the fancy options off basically):Specs: i5 2500K Stock, GTX 960 2GB, 8GB DDR3 1333
this game is the reason why the original counter strike has more active players. You can do limited missions, you have to ♥♥♥♥ing buy zombies on a free weekend to play it. I regret wasting 4 hours of my time to download. People scrolling down. DO NOT INSTALL THIS TRASH
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░ THIS GAME  ▐▄▄▄▀░░░
says play for free just spent time downloading it than tried to play it and it says you are not the owner for this content
horrible
horrible
Played two games. Not good
I have never downloaded a free weekend game.BUT..............................50 GB (later)..........................A game that just states - must buy the game to play - when I try for the main game.Needless to say 'STEAM' why allow me to waste my time and data like that!The free multiplayer simply doesnt work - sound jutter, slow framerates, no options to change, what a load of tosh......needless to say.........Ill not do that again!!
I don't tend to write reviews - but I wanted to say how god awful this game is. Not worth the £20 it's reduced to at the minute and an insult to anyone that bought it full price.I gave it 20mins of gameplay before quitting steam to go play something else. I then came back to steam for the sole purpose of uninstalling infinite warfare because the thought of this♥♥♥♥♥♥lingering on my hard drive was unbareable.I did genuiniely like the Advanced Warfare when it came out - this is it on steroids. Avoid.
♥♥♥♥
If you manage to actuly connect to the servers and then find a game, you can then run around on these small tiny maps. Not to mention you get to bore yourself with another copy/paste call of duty with bad voice acting, OP stupid ultimate abbllities and all of the weird 12 yr old sqeekers that for some reason still play on the servers with no one else.Dont waste your time and energy with downloading this♥♥♥♥♥♥
Crashes alot, wont allow you to connect to servers if the Steam's nick is longer than 15 characters. Why would you pay money for this crap.
good job making the game free for the weekend so more people can jump in the hate wagonit's a pile of crap tho, takes forever to find a match
I have played 4 different COD free weekends through the years. They have learned NOTHING!*Me and my buddy were not able to create a party due to constant errors and problems with the game. *The game crashed 3 times until I finally reached the Join public match section - pathetic.*I deliberately chose medium settings even though my PC is capable of handling high quality with good FPS. The game stuttered like crazy and made the gameplay awful - constant dips from 90fps to 40fps.*The map I played is a generic, small, dull, boring thing.*The sound mixing is done by a group of monkeys. The gun sounds are quite louder than anything else by default. After adjusting them, the gun sounds from kill cameras are EVEN LOUDER - braindead sound mixing people.*The graphic settings are awful to navigate. Have to go through 4 sections, then back 2 sections, forward 2 - change 1 setting - restart the game to even continue after changing 1 parameter, GET THE HELL OUT WITH THIS SH**!I can see why this have such negative reviews - because it fails even at the starting lane and is done so annoyingly poorly!
A No, just because this "free" weekend is complete lie and you cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game except to stare at the menus and pop up messeges like "You cant play this man, because you dont own it.." Well ♥♥♥♥ your legs sideways then COD! ..Yes, I raged out...roll with it... DONT EVEN BOTHER TO DOWNLOAD IT, SERIOUSLY! ..... Upset Wolf out!
its basicaly the titanfall 2 with less players, no titans, worse weapons, and worse maps.
De cacat!!!
too low fps ♥♥♥♥ this game
How to Play 101.Exit gameLaunch OriginBuy Titanfall 2Enjoy
Meh, the whole release and advertising by parent activision was a failure. I want to own this game, but I also want to own modern warfare remastered, but I will stand up to being forced to buy both at once. In ever pervasive cycle of customer abuse and reconciliation, activision currently stands at the wake up call part of the cycle ("oh wow, I guess we can't treat customers like crap for this long, I guess the people who support us do have a breaking point"). Shame the campaign for this game had to get lost in all the fuss surrounding it. I played this for the free multiplayer weekend and the multiplayer is nothing special at all. Get titanfall 2 instead, or go back further to the other multiplayer greats, because this is just a copy, no soul as far as mp goes.
This game sucks. I couldn't play a single match in multiplayer because I kept getting stuck in the matchmaking screen. I tried playing a custom game by myself with bots, but it wouldn't load, and I'd end up crashing. Because of this, I cannot even make a proper review of the game's content (multiplayer wise) and therefore I won't recommend it to anyone.
i normally dont write reviews but holy cow this game deserves a horrible one. i dont know if the porting is to blame but this game runs worse than playing arma 3 at max settings on a calculator. And not one of those Ti 84 beasts, more like a dollar store calculator. I was getting a solid 15 fps with my rig which has an i7 7700k and an EVGA 1070...
HACKERS HACKERS HACKERS ... THIS DEMENT DEVELOPERS MAKE FREE WEEKEND AND SAVE YOUR MONEY :DPro - awesome game ... ahh just trolling :DPRo/cons - you can hack ... developers dont care :D
Sweet, Another free gift weekend hosted by infinity war! Thats great untill after downloading 50 Gb of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Starting it up we noticed Everything is locked but mutiplayer because we dont "own" this product. I wonder why it saids free when things are locked. Overwatch did not have this which got me intrested about buying it. Its kinda BS. Another problem is the game freezes after 30 sec!!! And i have a good pc!!!!. This makes me wonder why i downloaded 50 GB when everything is locked. This game and this "free weekend" is utter and complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!!
During the free weekend the only part of the game that is available to play if you have not purchased that game is the multiplayer. Newsflash, COD multiplayer sucks, the only slightly respectable part of this game is the campaign, and "You are not the owner of this content."
"Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare" review:---------------------------------------(note I did not get the Legacy edition)REVIEW:---------This game is out right BROKEN on the PC (also note that I do not own the console versions). I can't believe I chose this pile of crap over "Battlefield 1" and (new) "DooM". I got this game before Christmas. My mom said me and my bros could each pick out a game at Walmart. Bet you can guess what I got. I was SO exited to get home and play this game. I started with the campaign. At first this game actually seemed pretty good, even the 'flying the space ship' levels. But then over time, this part got pretty repetitive. How often they were using this. It wasn't very exiting for me and sort of felt like a chore sometimes. Another story: I hit a bug that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. The level was "Operation: Burn Water: Fight or Flight". At the near end of the level, and no matter how many times I tried to get around this and no matter what I did, the level stops where a cutscene is suppose to play, so I can't progress and beat the level. And I got REALLY far in to the campaign as well. :( However, this may just be MY copy - what's bad about that is it probably won't get fixed. Yay............Anyway, another big con is that it looks and feels like a rip-off of last year's Call of Duty. You know, with the boost jumps and the wall runs and other crap like that, it just feels too much like Black Ops III. (minus the spaceship stuffs)Another thing is that, they knew the game they were gonna make was gonna be a complete failure. So guess what they did about it? - They remastered Modern Warfare (a much better CoD than this) and the only way you can get it is if you buy the legacy edition of Infinite Warfare. They REALLY like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off they're fans don't they? -_-'  But from what I heard of MWR, it SUCKS. It has very few multiplayer maps compaired to what the original had, and guess what? You have to buy maps as DLCs for the game. WHAT THE CRAP WERE THEY THINKING?!?!?!?! And ANOTHER thing is that you have to pay almost $90 for the legacy edition ITS SELF.Anyway, now for the multiplayer. The maps I thought were descent, I guess. But, you like playing with you're friends in multiplayer? Well, I hope you like using you're imagination! Almost NO ONE plays this game. It'll take a long time before you can actually find a lobby with JUST enough people to play. (they also got rid of the thing the tells you how many people are online) But when they're actually IS enough players online, it will probably just kick you from the match. lmao, Activison, lmao.Now, it's off to talk about "Zombies in Spaceland": The only good game mode this game has to offer. The guns are cool, the Zombies are fair (exept for 1: the Mascot Zombie. It's huge and REALLY difficult to fight. If you don't have ATLEAST 3 players with you teaming up on that thing, you ain't beatin' this fam, yo.) The map is well designed and fun to explore, with unique mechanics. If you die, in this mode, you go to the zombie arcade where you play minigames and earn points to earn you're life back. I like the fact that you can pay a certain amount of money to get all you're weapons back. And best of all (from what I last experienced with the game) people still play this mode.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Campaign - 2/10Multiplayer - 0.1/10Zombies in Spaceland - 8/10Graphics - 6/10Sound - 5/10 (the reason why is because the sound can lag)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall - 3/10------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall, a truly HORRID experience :) (exept for Zombies). This is just my (and probably most people's) word for it, but DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! Period.
Can't even connect to a multiplayer match
I have played COD from day one and slowley watched as the series has gone down hill towards the end. After demoing this game for free weekened I have noticed that, (COD Infinite Warfare is so terrible I wouldnt even have this game in my library if it was offered to me for free) 0 Stars
Free weekend.>15 fps in the main menu, with a GTX 1060 6GB????>Can't even connect to any servers.>Multiplayer only, but you still have to download 50gb of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Free weekend, still not worth it.
Wasted 40 gb to see the menu of this game.
Thought I'd give this one a try for the free weekend.  found out everything is locked behind a "you don't own this" pop up.  waste of time.  it's no surprise that the recent reviews have been overwhelmingly negative.
boring
Pistols more "OP" than rifles! gg wp thanks for free weeksounds are greatgraphic could be betterroses are redI'm not going to buy you
the combination of being futuristic, pay2win, and the lack of trust has lead to the death of call of duty. unlike many, i personally did not mind the futuristic style of the game (very similar to black ops 3). HOWEVER, the pay2win and lack of trust part is why i did not buy this game. putting weapons in supply drops creates an unfair advantage for those with time and money. infinityward says that they take balancing very seriously but how can a game be balance if one player has access to a certain gun, while the others may not? and lets be honest here, no FPS in the history of mankind has balanced guns. as long as they have varying stats, one gun will, overall, be better than the other. and finally. my lack of trust. back in 2013, i spent 60 dollars on call of duty ghost being optimistic about competitive esports as they promised in the game reveal. what did i get? no competitive playlist, glitches that made it impossible to win a game, and a ton of humongous maps while they keep advertising the DLCs as "small to medium sized maps". yeah, their only objective of the game was to take our money. this left a bitter taste in my mouth that i can still taste. YUK. overall, this game is 2/10 stars. is on par with cod ghost. do not buy. dead lobbies. pay2win. not fun.
Would rather eat a boiled egg naked whilst taking a dump on the game.
Although my reflexes are good for BF1 and MW3 i have no way of keeping up with the fast paced chaos that is the Multiplayer of this game, I loved the COD series so much i had money saved just to buy this game. I now have played the Multiplayer for free and i do not feel that they made a better COD AW but they just made an exquisite failure with too many gun customization options and too far from the formula COD set with MW2 and MW3, althogh again i have all of them so i have played all of them, and enjoyed some, now they just went to ALL PRO for me. If you are not a Pro there is no way you can enjoy a FFA.Good luck with future releases, i understand you want and need to move away from that old formula, but trying to heat up a steak does not a steak make. You tried to go digital keeping the pickup header to read USBs.I still love the company but i will say no to this game, sorry!All the best in the future!
Demo doesn't let you play a single level of the campaign. Back to Battlefield!
so bad
Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
If we where able to purchase MWR seperate Call of Duty would have made more profit lol. And would have made a lot of people happy. Call of Duty never listen to their communitie and that's exactly why no one likes the game now a days. So stupid
i can keep over 140 stable FPS with my rig on max settings, this game still looks choppy
Cant connect to a game, no matchmaking. Basically Black Ops 3 with more stupid futuristic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and less balance. The Sound is Trash, Graphics are nice. Can you refund me the waste of electricity for playing it?
Looking at the guns made me puke....tried to join a match: can`t. game says: "status burgundia" (wtf does that mean)almost all content was locked (free weekend)everywhere even on some videos they smack in your face when navigating through the main menu there is a guy talking like he`s mr tough guy and talks like he does not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ its real cringe.ALSO: COD4 remastered is a bonus they say, however to me cod4 remastered is the game i want to buy and infinite warfare is like the random♥♥♥♥♥♥programs you get sometimes when installing something completely different.
mindless sprayfest & no weapon balance
Absolute garbage and unplayable. The free weekend isn't even worth trying.
rubish game dosnt even allow you to connect to a game it is a waste of money trust me dont get it
Cant even get in a game I dont even own this game and I want a refund
the multiplayer feels choppy and it mixes you with rank 100 people
This game is terrible, good-ish graphics, lag, and if you play it on free weekends YOU DONT GET CRAP!
No matter how good the game would be, if games start at 2v5, then there's something's wrong with its basic functionality. I tried to like it, but this + noobtoobs + 'floaty' gameplay when over half of smg gunfights depend on who flies better is just stupid. To the devs - fix. The damn. Connectivirty. Issues. My friend even gets kicked out of his own custom game at start. Like what the f*ck.
This games is...BAD. 3/10 way to fast for map size you only win gunfights if your gun shoots fast and only if your jumping up and down also the game is dead you can only play some game modes because all of the brain dead prople who got this only play tdm and hardcore tdmDONT BUY THIS!!!  Get insurgency very cheep its a dimond covered by lazyly made AAA titles made for a fast buckDONT BUY
this is why we cant have nice things
Personally, this is the worst Call of Duty (Multiplayer) I have played to date.
Normally you would need to be able to play the game to review it but since it does not want work and keeps crashing every time I join a match I give this game a 0/10
Shorest demo of all time (game-time wise).Downloads 50GB of who-knows-what, spends 5 minutes prerendering graphics, select campaign "You don't own that content".Uninstall.I'm not interested in hearing about how all the pre-pubescent, instant-gratification twitchers who are going to have sexual relations with my mother.
So i tried out the multiplayer at the free weekend and i was like: "Nah this can't be that bad". My first experience was pretty good. i didn't understand why this game have only 42% positive rate. Aaannnd after 4 rounds this game gets overhelmingly boring. This game is all about jumping on walls and hip fire headshot everyone in the galaxy. If someone like this then fine but there is more. The optimization. I litterly amazed how messed up the optimization. It's feels like i play on a japanese server from Eu. It's nearly unplayable sometimes and the weapon balance is like everything is op execpt the snipers (imo) and the regular sniper scope is freakin horrible for these small maps and one other thing. The perk which allow you to shoot while you're sprinting is a joke. You pick up a shotgun and there you go 30 kills in a round without even think about what are you doing with your life. So if you want to buy this game for multiplayer then you're crazy man or a masochist.
Well i must say this game mutilated my♥♥♥♥♥♥ It stripped me of my name as it was too long.RIP MCORN
sheetty optimizationfps drops/visual lag (which make inconsistent aiming even with mouse acceleration off) with 390 8GB, 16GB ram and i7 4970kalso one of the most annoying bugs is that randomly in the middle of a firefight keys "unpress virually" so i can't, for example, keep stafing or walking and i have to press again the key witch is distracting and a disadvantage in the gameblops 3 plays so good and smooth in comparisson
Rather finger your dad than play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
Click dreapta delete !
This game sucks
After one day of downloading, after 15 minutes of preloading and finally not able to play campaing but multiplayer, I deleted the game...
its not very good im warning you
beta?!? XD
I feel like pressing the "No" button for recommending this game is not enough to say "This game is awful."I only play Multiplayer, and thats how I've been ever since MW3. I've played about every single COD since MW2, And I think I can safely say, that Infinite Warfare is by far, the absolute worst COD. It's basically a Black ops 3 clone, just with WAY more lasers, and being in space. The amount of hackers I've run into playing multiplayer, and I've played about 5 matches. It is absolutely horrible, do NOT buy this. If I could get the 2 and a half hours back from installing this game, I so absolutely would.
Terrible game, got it for free for the weekend but haven't been able to play a single game due to errors. The main menu has given me better gameplay.
So much for free weekend, can't access anything because I "don't own the game".
Came up with this in 3 years. Boy...
bad
Lonely, I'm Mr. Lonely,I have nobody for my ownI'm so lonely, I'm Mr. LonelyI have nobody for my ownI'm so lonely.Yo this one here goes out to all my players out there, man, ya knowthat got that one good girl who's always been there, man, like took all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tthen one day she can't take it no more and decide to leaveI woke up in the middle of the nightand I noticed my girl wasn't by my side,coulda sworn I was dreaming, for her I was feenin,so I had to take a little ride,back tracking over these few years,tryna figure out what I do to make it go bad,'Cause ever since my girl left me my whole life came crashingI'm so lonely (so lonely),I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlI'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlCan't believe I had a girl like youand I just let you walk right outta my life,after all I put you throughyou still stuck around and stayed by my side,what really hurt me is I broke your heart,baby, you were a good girl and I had no right,I really wanna make things right,'Cause without you in my life girlI'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlI'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlBeen all about the world ain't never met a girlthat can take the things that you been throughNever thought the day would come where you would get up and runand I would be out chasing you'Cause ain't nowhere in the globe I'd rather be,ain't no one in the globe I'd rather seethan the girl of my dreams that made me beso happy but now so lonelySo lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own)I'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlNever thought that I'd be alone,I didn't think you'd be gone this long,I just want you to call my phone,so stop playing girl and come on home (come on home),baby girl, I didn't mean to shout,I want me and you to work it out,I never wished I'd ever hurt my baby,and it's driving me crazy'Cause...I'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own)I'm so lonely (so lonely)I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)I have nobody (I have nobody)For my own (to call my own) girlLonely, so lonelySo lonely, (so lonely),Mr. Lonely, so lonelySo lonely, so lonely (so lonely), Mr. LonelyIn other words, no body plays this awful game so multiplayer is empty. I guess the campaign is okZombies is meh.Don't buy it. Just don't.
This game does not run well and if you are lucky enough to get into a game, the game will crash. Buy a good game like WaW or CSGO. This is the worst COD game to date. We want boots on the ground.
Free weekend!? Well you cant pass up free right? ...i should have passed up free.
jetpacks
game wont fookin run with a gtx 950 im triggered af
Terrible.
Meh, It's alright.But, I could've spent my time doing something else.
I'm glad I didn't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ After forty five minutes of trying to get it to work, I still cant even join one multiplayer game. Match started, Loading Level until it crashes.
Disapointment.
GAY
It can be fun but not worth the price, I only played this during the free weekends. Basically just a worse version of Black Ops 3.(Good day fleshy mammals)
Free weekend. Wanted to test zombies but you cant because its a free demo version. Multiplayer lobbies take 20 minutes to fill and then I couldnt even connect due to "lost connection to host". No worth even with disount.
Free weekend. Wanted to test zombies but you cant because its a free demo version. Multiplayer lobbies take 20 minutes to fill and then I couldnt even connect due to "lost connection to host". No worth even with disount.
This game is completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ I cant even connect to a game, STATUS BURGUNDIA
Every time youtry to get in a game you get an error, i expected the game to be trash like previous COD games, but this one doesnt even let you play
I want a refund. No questions
I played the main menu more than the game.
It is straight up horrible like an indie shooter with amazing graphics. Gameplay is clunky. If you want the good stuff (jets and wall rides) Buy Blackops 3. This one is a joke.
It is a useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This so called "game" keeps crashing when looking for a game, I did everything to try and fix this  luckly I didn't buy it. If anyone reads it please don't buy it just don't
Pros:good fast paced gameplayCons:free weekend, no campaign or zombiesalways getting kickednever above 60 fpsno radar when scoping4/10, deserves the 3 million dislikesactivision make COD 2017 a good gameGIVE BACK WW2
1. Try to play zombies2. Notice zombies and campaign are locked3. Try to play multiplayer4. Notice that "Find Match" is locked without explanation5. Uninstall(in the end managed to play trough a party)- Sound lags even though frame rate is 60
-joined my first match-someone said: 'noob♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-i said: 'thx'-called me: '♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ kid'community: 2/10gameplay: 3/10zombies: ? campaign: ?dont buy this piece of crap. its a black ops 3 copy/paste. with the money that you saved from not buying COD infinite garbage. you will be able to buy me some nice buttplugs. its only 4,99$ for 2 buttplugs! isnt it amazing how cheap that is! you could also buy yourself some candy for the kids in your sexdungeon. chocolate will also do the job. just buy them something so they wont call their parents. believe me you dont want that to happen. there was this 1 time where 1 of the kids called his dad. its weird cuz he is black, but he actually found my sexdungeon. so i had to kill him. luckily most of my slaves were autistic so most of them thought that the scream of the black dad was a song made by justin bieber. i think it was sorry or baby. but it was nice to see them happy again. morale of the story dont buy call of duty infinite warfare.
I played Black ops 3, and it's actually better.. haha poor cod
How do i refubd my data activision and infinity ward for such crappy weekend
Its not free weekend its call free multiplayer weekend
♥♥♥♥♥pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cant play it its so bad i want to kill myself because of this game and cant refund because the loading times are so long.
No hebrew, don't buy
S.H.I.T
The worst game ever!Servers are not working,Shiti optimization,FPS drops every 2 seconds,NO players,DONT BUY THIS GAME NEVER EVER!
LOADED FOR BILION OF HOURS, THEN LOADED AGAIN, it works, but for the 9 minutes I lost, you will get this review... have fun activision
Game is literal trash. I wasted my time even just downloading it.
If I could only run this♥♥♥♥♥♥instead: match is running, would be awesome.Edit: Okey i added to firewall this game and played a little, still no reason to change opinion.
pure trash
First MP game, I run around capturing points, never see an enemy. 2nd round I run around and capture point, I get into 6 enconters (3/3), game is done one dude (Level 54, me 1) has 30 Frags (30/12), I have idea how he got so many in such a short time.Uninstall.Oh and it's really REALLY fun to get a lot of messages saying "Yout can't play that" after 50GB download ... super experience.
just........horrible
Call of Money: Infinite Recylcle the cancer simulator
Lets just keep this simple,Pros:Cons: Everything
How hard is it to fix the spawns in this game?this issue has been there for years....
This game isn't even worth the hard drive space it requires. After about an hour of constant restarts to try and get the game to work, I find out it is capped at 90fps regardless if you selected 144hz. DO NOT EVEN DOWNLOAD FOR FREE
*downloads game cause i wanted to try zombies**press zombies**buy the game to play this**uninstalls*
Played for the free weekend were nothing was available and anything that was never could connect to the servers... But for some reason it still downloaded 50 GB of game..... Sad to see Call of Duty die like this but i guess it is about time when they make bad yearly releases like this.
crap
another bad call of duty game
It is amazing how they can consistently ruin the game for each itteration.... and its a much amazing as saddening that they can still make so much money of it.
this game was just crap dont buy it
when i still 20 hours to download it tell me....:-you must purchase it what this?okay why steam tell us it's free or (play it now for free)
this is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥! cant even load the game and it keeps freezing for me when i do something, and when i want to join a match i get an error and the game shuts down! 0/10 from me!!
Thought this game was cool until it started crashing for no reason and i went playing Clash of Clans..........
What can I say about this steaming pile of poop.So first launch it starts the prefetch all the shader stuff, you cant even alt tab because you just get a black screen and no windows.So after waiting 5 mins for this to finish tried to jump into a game.Disconnects every time.After reading the forums the problem was that my steam name was 15 characters or more.like wot....So after changing my name and joining a lobby, I get thrown into a game with some hacker that rinses you in the face as soon as you approach a corner.end taskuninstallrequest refundRather chop my own b@lls off that play this.looks crap on 4k too.
The worst Call of Duty PC experience yet.
Played this on console and it was bad already
How can I check this game if only intel hd graphics works??!!RIP
It doesn't load. It crashes every time I try to start.I was going to buy this. I'm glad I had a free weekend to change my mind.
I guess after creating No man's sky, He is working as the marketing manager for this game. R.I.P. COD you won't be missed.
I Waste my money DO NOT BUY IT
No, Just: No
After a good 5 mins of Pre Rendering Shaders the game decided to restart, then before even getting into a game, throws up a disc read error and crash. Every time. It's a download.. I don't even have a disc drive... I don't even.. What?
50GB Download for only being allowed to play multiplayer. nothing else. no zombies either.. '-'
♥♥♥♥♥cod
Game doesn't even start XD
gamesux
Well I was looking forward to trying the free weekend but I can't get it to work.First off the game crashes every time I change one of the graphics settings.Then I got into the matchmaking and it just sits there saying "Match in progress...." blah blah blah.Not interested. I'm not troubleshooting a free trial. Do Activision TRY to make me hate their games or something? All this has done is justify my choice to not buy COD any more.I've not bought any of the games from the last six years or something. I'm not even slightly bothered by that fact.It is time for Activision to either start with a clean slate or just shut up shop. I wouldn't care if they left the gaming industry all together and went and made Pa♥♥♥♥♥o machines with Konami.
bad COD everdelete now
massive downloadwhen launching the game its downloading MOREbut then everything is locked, except for multiplayerno tutorialbot matches are useless (ai is ridiculous)everybody is playing team deathmatchterrible matchmaking/pairing (pros+noobs mixed)= HUGE WASTE OF TIMEThis is the worst way to get started in a new game... WHAT WHERE THEY THINKING??? hahahait must have been some business idiot in a suit who never played COD in his life who came up with this FREE WEEKEND BUT LETS LOCK EVERYTHING EXCEPT FOR MULTIPLAYER ideaAbout the actual gameplay:physics feel terriblegame doesnt feel smootheverything feels laggy and unresponsive and slowjumping, sprinting, jetpacking all feels very weirdweapon aim feels weird
Never been able to actually play the game. always chrashes when 'match already started, loading game'. pretty useless been trying for almost 2 hours now
Free weekend download, Multiplayer Only, wanted to try before buying.My experience:1. Terrible cutscene stutter2. Multiplayer: Lost connection to host status Burgundia, every single timeConclusion: For me, It is a NO GO.Too bad, because it looked pretty.
I downloaded this game because of the free weekend and i wanted to play with ONLY the multiplayer beacuse the rest of the content was locked...So started a public search in deathmatch...then the game crashed so I started a domination search. The game show me up a message that says :"Disconnected due to transmission error" and then crashed . Every time I started searching for a multiplayer match it crashed . So I dont recommend this game at all.
You want money for this game? "Great" presentation!!! Waiting for a match and getting always kicked shortly before match start, isnt the best way to advertise this game. I dont waste my time to try out a bugy game.
>have good very strong pc- cant change resolution without crashing- cant update settings without it freezing/crashing- cant play zombies on free mode- cant try out mw remaster- lag- fps drops- 10 fps on main screen- cant play the game without it crashingits trash, dont buy it.
CoD is the definition of infinite recycle of gaming
noobtube over and overop payloads everywhere (those little sentry turrets)BO3 was not bad.. but this is the worst lolsrsly get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together cod
Literally the wrost Storyline in all cod series.The background info is flawed,and make no sense at all.
Worst COD ive ever played to be honest.... i only like to play the multiplayer online, and i got bored of it after a few hours or play, unlike some of the older ones wich i has game time into hundereds of hours
You sure is this free? It isnt free! You cant play anything !! You will just hangin out in the menu of the game! You sucks guys!!! Dont lie the people! Its♥♥♥♥♥♥!! I waited 50  GB to download this game and what i get? Nothing!!!
This game feels like a mobile knockoff of Black Ops 3
Connection to the host has been lost or some burgundia ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
First time opened it made my laptop go blue screen and messed it up. Well done Infinity Ward you've really screwed up this one.
Hey I got this game for free for the free weekend.
I tried to start public match like 20 times and it always ejects error like "unable to establish secure connection to host"...
Just buy Titanfall 2...
The Free weekend just increased the ammount of hackers. Its so Infested with hackers its not even funny. The last final kill cam was an AIM bot vs AIM bot. This is just stupid.
GAME IS A WASTE OF MONEY DONT EVEN LOOK AT THIS JUNK!
I feel bad for the people who paid 60$ for this..Also this "free-weekend" is bs..Zombies locked,Singleplayer locked..
If you ARE going to download the free weekend, let me just say, don't expect much. It blocks you from doing half of the things you would be able to in a paid version, INCLUDING ONLINE MULTIPLAYER, which, let's be honest, is the only reason we buy the game. As for the game itself, it's bad. And I'm not saying that because I don't like futuristic games. I personally thought that BO3 was a great game, but this game just doesn't do any of the futuristic scenes right.
Not worth downloading
♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥crap, game freezes, almost all is blockeg. ♥♥♥♥ off you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Since whnen is r e t a r d bad word?
♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization
bad
nice 90 fps lock in 2017 =)
this is by far the worst port i have ever played in my entire life, there is stuttering like every 2 seconds with every combo of graphics changed. i got this game for free, you would actually have to pay me to play again. plus jetpack cod is cancer anyways so youre really not missing out on anything by not being able to run the cancer port.
Playing on trial weekend and omfg COD gets worse every single year lol   Avoid this♥♥♥♥♥♥like the plague!!!!!
unable to play because game ♥♥♥♥ing freezes in the menu.
Game is freezing after 30sec from opening it. It isn't even possible to play. -50GB trash-
its okalthough im suppose to run it on minimal GTX 660still very nice graphicsbetter than bo3 on multiplayerhit detection works better than bo3but still its the ♥♥♥♥ing same as bo3....i dont recommend to buy it and i dont intend to buy it in the futureand ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community
Shieet
I download to free weekend thing simply because I wanted to try out the zombies mode NOPE the only thing you can play is the garbage♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer. Thanks Activision for being a♥♥♥♥♥♥block once again.
A pile of crap. get BF1 instead :D
[Free Weekend] Fist impressions: Out of 9 games I tried in multiplayer, I managed to get in to two of them. 4 times the game outright crashed in the menu screens or refused connection when searching for public match. Two times the game got to a loading screen and then froze and lastly, first time I got in to a game, it lasted 20 seconds before a crash. The longest was almost five minutes, just when we were actually winning and I got in the flow of things and the game crashed. (Noted, started the game around 35fps, one death and it jumped to stable 65. Dunno what was that all about.)Not to mention that the matchmaking system is out of whack by a country mile.So in conclusion, in my own experience this has been complete disaster. It even made me laugh how badly the matchmaking, optimization and overall experience was. The little taste of gameplay I got was good, but the price (even discounted) would still feel like a ripoff for the experience I got.
nononononononononononononononononoononononononoononono
If you want to play with people who only use shotgun, you can go play it. But if you have just some respect for your self don't buy this game, it's the worst game ever!! PS: It's not a joke, don't buy it!
Gets boring after 30 minutes
God Zo SlechtLekker Voor Ze
wait free weekend? downloaded 40 gb and can't play multiplayer? marketing failure?
just horrible !
Don't think that you will get money from me, Infinite Warfare is a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥game, who doesn't even worth his 50 GB.+ 99€ to get Modern Warfare Remastered, no thanks.
This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ everytime I open it it crashes.
An overly simplistic, microtransaction-laden, mindless shooter. Can't recommend it when there are far more and far better shooters on the market that will provide better gameplay experiences.
can't even start a gametry a few time no lucklost connection to host
The game takes too long to instal and even with a $3000 build the first map takes forever to load! ACTIVISION get your game working! the dowlaod speed is also♥♥♥♥♥♥it takes over 8 hours and all of wich i have to be at the desk otheriwse i it may have a error and all the time away would be wasted and also the internet may shut down. i exspected better
WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ CANT YOU GET THE THE MENU ON THE FREE DAY TRIAL? WHO BUILT THIS AAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS C===========3
Welcome to CAPPED Warfare, where the year is 2010, there were no 144hz monitors and games shipped with a capped framerate and no uncap option.If you want to go back in time and reduce your gaming experience, go ahead and buy this game, and you will get the experience of aging before it's even was new enough.I would rather progress to year 2017 with 240hz monitor.
wanted to give it a try during the free weekend, took ages to load, crash, restart, another crash. finally started to load a multiplayer map, then it crashed again. you can go to hell activision, after all these years you still can't make a stable game
this game is ♥♥♥♥n trash, dont let them trick you on 50% sale and free weekend  cause its ♥♥♥♥n♥♥♥♥♥♥
Would love to write a multiplayer review for this game but cant even load into the map without being kicked. "status burganda"10/10 would watch the intro cutscene again
A Nightmare of a Game
Another multiplayer game, where you will be instant killed by some aimbot lieblings of mama, who use aimbot and boosts, because otherwise they will cry on their pillow after being shot death from professionals. Of course, they will claim, that YOU are the noob.If below issues will be solved, some people will like it, but currently, it is ****, and the price for it is ridiculous.It also steals ideas from Titanfall. Same soldier looks like TF pilots and small robots, same jumps, similar design. They also have RIG, like Dead Space, although it can 'save your life' (according to your badass boss), it is worth nothing. You die from 1-2 pistol shots, so you can equally go out in hawaii shirts.Start:1. Download 50 Gb.2. Wait 30 mins for Microsoft VC♥♥♥♥♥♥to install.3. Wait 30 mins for shaders to load.4. You cannot play campaign or zombies.5. You try the only option: multiplayer..6. This option needs to restart.7. VC redist package installing again.8. You reset options, game crashes.9. VC redist installing again10. In lobby, waiting for 9 more players...11. After a while, finally playing: dying in 2 secs.12. Game crushes after 1 minute of gameplay.Should I continue?Others:Stablity: constant crashes after every 1-2 rounds.Connectivity: I would rather say disconnectivity. Disconnects every 1-2 rounds.Graphics: I like it, also the colors.Maps: good variety, but not enough strategy options.Game modes: good variety, but a lot of empty game modes.Multiplayer in overall: few players, quite empty, some cheaters, almost no communication between players. Nobody teaches you the gadgets (maybe you learn it in single player, but that is closed for free weekend). The dynamic is good.Gameplay: dynamic, can be good with friends.Overall: a joke with okay graphics. I am very said, because it had great prospects. How many times did you hear this? :)
Very futuristic weapons don't destroy environment just people   ;)It is pity because look like from 2007 not  2016
shitiest game ever a lot of hackers wont buy cod games ever again
Terrible Laggy Trash.
I tried the game  and the servers are that♥♥♥♥♥♥that you keep losing connection to the host as soon the match starts and my internet is decent would not recommend please do not waste your money on this load of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Start, black screen with audio, it picked wierd resolution for full screen, why? are the programmers that bad!, can only play windowed borderless...terrible multiplayer, run around get shot in back, rinse and repeat...MWR no proper servers, match making sucks.6v6 lol (forget the 8v8war no one plays).original supports 16v16 (extended ones even have 24v24).save your money, buy the original cod4, add mod ♥♥♥♥♥ for extra servers and you can see why the original is still played it beats this garbage..
Oh cool, another epic "FREE WEEKEND!" """gift""" from infinity war- Whoops, except It isn't really a free weekend as they have (yet again) locked most of the content & gameplay with the reason that, and I quote "You do not own this product". It's a glorified, temporary demo which means I just downloaded 50 gb of the typical wasted potential that is the call of duty series to leave a negative review so you don't have to follow in my footsteps.You cant even properly set up the Videosettings so with a lower graphiccard you have to suffer at 30fps on max resolution..It fails to connect to host...This FREEWEEKEND is a joke...The funny part aswell is that if you want to exit the game,it is asking you , "DO YOU REALLY WANT TO QUIT?" not exit ...quit .. :D so funny You're welcome!
U CANT EVEN PLAY MULTIPLAYER STUPID  DEAL HAHHA STEAM FAIL!!!
The worst game on the market.PROS+Good CampaignCONS-TOO MANY COPIES OF REAL LIFE THINGS-TOO MANY MICRO-TRANSACTIONS-TOO MANY BUGS-TOO FEW CONTENT-TOO FEW PLAYERS-TOO MANY RIPOFFS-TOO LONG WAITING TIMESThat pretty much sums this up.
FREE WEEKEND DONT WASTE YOUR TIME DOWNLOADING ONLY MUILTIPLAYER AND IT TAKES ABOUT 10 MIN TO FIND A MATCH AND YOUR GAME CRASHES WHILE LOADINGMY SPECS:CPU:i5-6600KGPU-1060 ASUSRAM: 16GB
so... this is the Mw2 remake everyone wanted ?
I just wanted to try out the campaign on the "free weekend"... Met with: "You do not own this content" (sigh).
worst game ever!!!!
a call of duty game but it's btec titanfall 2
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game It won't even let me go online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Vandahar ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥devs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game♥♥♥♥♥Infinite warfare its not even working
40gb downloaded-went ingame: host not found ( in bot lobby and multiplayer)game deinstalled
it lags all time and amount of cancer of people playing it is unbearable
Stay away and save your money! This game is crap...
I heard really bad things about this game from most people in my friends list.They were right.I tried some of MP since IW is free right now and the gameplay and overall feel of the game is awful.You somehow die even faster than you do in Black ops 3 (Which is a much better game than this by the way.) and the only weapons people will use are the M1 Garand remake and the Auto shotgun since they are overpowered and Infinity ward seems to be refusing to nerf them.Overall I give this game a 0.8/10
Doesn't feel like Call of Duty. It strayed way off the standard CoD had. It's bad, don't buy it.
I really don't understand why you only free the worst part of this game to people, you guys  like <dislike> that much?
The game is boring af you play only tdm others modes no peoples and no snd i want to play snd but the game dont have one JUST DONT BUY THIS GAME WASTE OF MONEY
I wanted to try out the free weekend to see if the multiplayer was any good and if it was i would have probs bought this game. Unfortunately my multiplayer experience was 0.0hours played, couldn't get into a game, freeze freeze followed by crash crash. GG no re.
hi i have played over 2 hrs and got the game when it first came out i ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i n g hate this s h i t i got it with mwr rip cash i paid 60gbp for a game that feels like it`s in alpha no emblems they just added leaderbords 3 months after the came out o no but thay will add supply drops to mwr this game is just s.h.i.t it`s dead laggy ♥♥♥♥ servers and all all guns are ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ MAN thay will add more guns into suppy drops but dont add emblem maker xd its going to be s h i t i know it is lol
Just no.
Had to wait 3 hours to download 50GB just to find out some 12 year old I never knew about ♥♥♥♥ed my mom.....Also, they lock up COD 4 behind this garbage and you can't even play it in the free weekend....Make COD 4 standalone, no one wants to buy your piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Activision....
first game had aimbot on the other team, uninstall all of these GB real quick
You can't say GG at a end of a match because it is not a good game.You have to say BG because it is a bad game.or TWAGMMGBTGIS (that was a good multipalyer match guys but this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
complete♥♥♥♥♥♥
Awful experience. First game after installing the game, a user name Naomi was clearly using an aim bot. Instantly uninstalling.
I don't know why, but apparently I cannot play at all. not even solo. it says "status: burgundia" all the time. I waited almost a day to download the game now that it is free for testing, and I can't even play it. this is a proper joke-troll. wasted my time here...
♥♥♥♥♥game :D
IW has interesting maps, rig and weapon designs, but thats it ! Paid weapons are overpowered and you get slaughtered  for the entire match, most of the lobbies are really laggy, slow key and salvage progression just to buy the cod points and much more.
Wait to Download a 40GB game to play zombies. Instead, no access to Zombies, and the multiplayer is nearly empty, only free to play people and couldn't even find a single full lobby... This game is so poorly optimized, and i regret waisting my time and internet to even play this hot garbage. Was considering getting this for zombies but seeing as I can't even test that out, I will not be handing Infinity Ward any of my money. I definetly expected this however, considering they had to trick people into buying it so they could get the Remastered Call of Duty 4.
The Free Weekend version wont work i load a game up wether custom or online and it crashes
What the ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥
i have all the requirements and yet the game just keeps crashing, WHY? it took forever to download.
The matchmaking system is ♥♥♥♥ed up where you a level 1 and 3 other level 1ns get to play against 5 people, that's at least level 95 with makes the game boring where you spend most of your time being dead or getting killed and sometimes you happen to get a kill. If you still have this game just remember to turn off smooth mouse movement since its default for some reason...
TRASHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH GAME
After an overnight 50gB download I got the same result as others did - YoudDo not own this game and need to purcghase it - which of course I had done as it was offered for free on Steam and I willingly paid my nothing for it. I couldn't play even a demo in Campaign mode. So all this offering has done is trash the studio's and Steam's reputation.
searching for a matchsearching for a matchsearching for a matchsearching for a matchsearching for a match& stillsearching for a matchback to BF1 where i can chose a match instantly
So I mainly bought this game for CoD 4 Remastered, much like a lot of others. Infinite warfare was alright. It was what I come to expect from Call of Duty games. What I didn't expect was that they stayed true to what they said they would with CoD 4 Remastered. Everything was perfect. The maps were the same, the guns, the perks, the game mechanics. Everything fell together perfectly.And then they f*cked it up. They just made it into another ♥♥♥♥ing run of the mill CoD. Adding stupid skins, character customization, new weapons and micro transactions. I am honestly surprised that people even buy Call of Duty games seeing how the developers treat their fanbase. They finally gave the masses something they wanted. But they they ♥♥♥♥ed it up royaly. I am not even mad at this point, it's what I have come to expect, I'm just disappointed.
I was interested in the single player campaign since that was pretty well made apperently, but apperently I can't even try the first level during the free weekend, so no money for them I guess.As far as the multiplayer goes... it's just bad. The TTK feels a lot lower than in Black Ops 3, you basically get one shotted with most weapons, and since the maps are just coridors that go in circles - you will have someone take you out from behind 50% of the time without you being able to do anything. I played a round of deathmatch and just want to go back to BO3. Its honestly no wonder why the game is already 50% off (which is pretty rare for Call of Duty).
Free Weekend? Can't even play Multiplayer,Zombie,Story mode.
♥♥♥♥♥iest game Activision has ever made hope they reddem theirselves with the next game
So it's "free weekend", when you had option to try only the multiplayer, no campaing (which i was looking forward to try) or zombie mode. So severely limited access for a "free game". While changing game/video settings, the menu froze 3 times, so i just gave up and went on default settings.I wanted to get in to a match ASAP, so just went ahead with everything default and it still was looking for players for more than a minute (not many players on a free weekend? strange)Then loading, checking connection..... and got disconnected before game start.Second try, everything ok, map's loading... and game froze, back to Windows.At this moment i decided i am not interested in this game anymore and returned to my other online multiplayer games i could enjoy without trouble.
Free weekend...."Free"Multiplayer content...."Multiplayer"This feels like a broken demo that deserves to be shelved instead of being published cus this♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't fire at all ♥♥♥♥♥. Wtf you can't even play this ♥♥♥♥ing game at all. You can only spend your storage space and your time to wait and also wait to see if you can find a good lobby, WHICH YOU CAN'T XDDDDDDDD VERY NICE INFINITY WARD.Disgusting and embarassing just like your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥man.
It's♥♥♥♥♥♥..
Don't Check it out!,Its disgusting. Running on ultra it still has that blurry pos look to it.
Played about 30 mins. Oh, I mean I have been in menu about 30 mins. Game froze 3 times so 3 times i had to restart it. Oh, you want to play multiplayer? Too bad for you, the match will load and load and load, but it will never start. What a focking♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is -_-
trash
I threw up playing this â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game
Installed this sh*t for 8 hours and can't even start it, thanks for try guys love it.
Match Starting, Loading Level............................................................................
Boring and reminds HALO..
PLEASE, DO NOT SUPPORT THIS RUBBISH BY PURCHASING IT.Really, COD is dead. I grew up on this franchise, and it lost its touch 2 or 3 titles ago.So dissappointed......I was kidding myself thinking this game was an improvement.
Free multiplayer access is ugly decision. I'll never buy the game. I'm a new player and I don't know how to play. I have zero points in all matches. No tutorial, no intro, nothing for newbies to adapt.
They need to make remastered a seperate game, infinite is dead.
I liked the Raven logo when game was starting.
Uninstall button works fine.
Absolutley dreadful. Couldn't even play a custom game because it keeps telling me it lost connection to the host....
Free weekend: 1. Install2. Waiting for shaders3. Try to play some multiplayer4. You don't own this game5. Uninstall6. Have a good day!
Downloaded 50GB of nothing.
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥edy â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥.
What the hell? I downloaded the game and it was 50GB big. And when I launched it, almost everything was locked because I haven't bought the game. This type of stuff shouldn't be on free weekends.I totally regret my decision
Somehow, Infinity Ward both learned from Black Ops 3's PC port and at the same time learned nothing. For starters, the game still has IW's trademark bloat, with a 50gb download for the free weekend.  However, it seems they learned from their past mistakes from even as early as CoD4's port, now featuring much more extensive video settings customization, an FOV slider that goes up to 120 (horizontal I assume), and audio sliders for everything from SFX to voices.Easily the biggest, most game breaking issue is the fact that the game doesn't seem to properly detect input or queue it up properly. Certain actions completely lock up your controls or interrupt them, preventing you from properly moving in a situation where you need to keep moving. You could be throwing a grenade while moving forward, and then suddenly you completely stop moving, and you die.This is extremely strange, because when the game doesn't drop your input out of nowhere, it actually feels rather fluid and good. It's a step further towards what Black Ops 3 was trying to accomplish, and significantly increases the pace and smoothens the flow of combat, albeit at the cost of making the age-old problem of CoD's bad spawns even more prevalent, as well as it's notoriously bad lag compensation.Also of note is that the broken aim assist from Black Ops 3 seems to be back as well. If you don't know what happened in BO3, the PC aim assist was so broken that you could track enemies through walls long before they came into view, and it almost completely negated recoil and flinch. Worse, people could exploit this to get aim assist with their mouse by buying a XIM4, a device intended to allow you to use your KB/M on a PS4 or XB1.Finally, the game suffers from extreme framedrops, down to 25fps, at seemingly random intervals, possibly when the game has been played for "too long", possibly some sort of a memory leak? This again happens at random, and may just suddenly go away for no reason, where my frames jump back up to between 60 and 80. It doesn't matter what settings you pick when this happens or outside of it; it seemingly just decides when and where it wants to whenever it feels like ruining your experience.Completely barring the supply drops issue as well, this would actually have been a rather impressive game in the more mobile, futuristic line of CoD games, and might have salvaged some of Infinity Ward's lost reputation. I won't lie, when the game actually WORKED, I enjoyed it. But more often than not, the fun I had was quickly lost under the broken lag compensation, the broken and abusive aim assist, the input drops, and the bad performance. Not to mention as with every CoD PC game, only Team Deathmatch will be the most populated, with Domination coming at a close second. Every other game mode is guaranteed to be almost completely empty.Primary hardware specifications in case you're wondering:* ASUS GTX 970 Strix 3.5GB* Intel i5 4690k 3.5GHz
retard game cannot connect
Oh, Free Weekend. Let's try that game that looks nice but has such bad reviews.Download.Start.Wait the above mentioned time for Shaders to precompile.Click Campaign."You do not own this product"Click Exit.Click Uninstall.
It doesn't even let me play my own custom matches.
Note: I played the multiplayer during the free weekend so that's the only game part I'll be talking about in this review.TL;DR: The multiplayer suffers from many issues, and that's before you bring in the stale and boring gameplay. Unless you're a COD fan looking to buy this game on a discount, stay away. 90% of my time played was unsuccessfully trying to find a match until finally I learned from the COD forums that you can't play online if your name is longer than 15 characters. Ridiculous. Even after I changed the name I found myself waiting a lot of time before finding a match and sometimes seeing players I've already played with. The gameplay is nothing special (outclassed by battlefield 1) and if you've played previous futuristic CODs then there's nothing new for you. That said, there were some fun moments, there's still COD gameplay in this, but those fun moments were a few bright spots in an otherwise very disappointing gameplay experience.The graphics are decent but if you don't have enough video memory then some settings will just be reduced without asking (That was the case with my 3.5+"0.5" GB GTX 970).From what I heard the campaign and zombies fared somewhat better than the multiplayer so I wish I could try them out. I also don't understand the decision to use the game's weakest link to represent game in the free weekend.Multiplayer-Wise, I don't recommend you to waste 60$ for this. There are too many issues and the gameplay feels unchanged from previous entries. If you want futuristic and fast-paced action, think about titanfall 2. Otherwise, try battlefield 1 for a historic(ish) setting and large scale battles. If you're a big fan of the franchise, I suppose you can get it on sale, perhaps the campaign and zombies might be worth it for you. Otherwise, stay away.
Multiplayer Is Dead
This♥♥♥♥♥♥is♥♥♥♥♥♥:\
I got this♥♥♥♥♥♥for free and i can't play multiplayer because it crashes every time.
Waited 2 hours to download the game on the free weekend. Campaign is locked and I was unable to play even a single multiplayer match. I don't know what this kind of advertising it's called but it's stupid. To all who want to download the game for the free weekend trial - just don't.
First of all, this doesn't feel like Call of Duty at all.Stopped playing CoD series after Black Ops 2.I dont know whats going on with activision.Now about Infinite WarfareFairly Optimised game but i experienced too many crashes.Was searching for a multiplayer match, but no one ever connected, maybe no one plays this game.Very expensive for what its offering.I wont recommend this for the price.
why the ♥♥♥♥ did they make this crap
iTS JUST BAD
Same CoD bull sh*t different game.
complete trash, would rather play farming simulator.
Lol. if ghosts and Advanced warfare had a kid this would be it
The only game mode people play online is TDM. There is no SND, Demo, or CTF. I tried to play the "Defender", "Frontline", and "Tactical TDM" game modes that were on the playlist without any success - I waited for 15min in the matchmaking and never got more than 2 other players to join.. This is on friday night during the free weekend. Graphically, it looks like it's from a 2011 ps3 game. The jumping and boosting feels watered down compared to bo3 and the maps I did play seem to be very congested arenas designed for adhd kids. Footsteps sounds are quieter than bo3.I think BO3 is the better game in terms of mechanics, game modes, and player base. The only drawback to it would be the more powerful specialist system. (Which I hate)
I don't see the appeal in buying this if you've already played black ops 3 because its just an inferior version of that. I tried to play this game open mindedly but the game's multiplayer is such a cluster♥♥♥♥ it makes black ops 3 look like goty (and that was a title I didn't fully enjoy with the supply drop nonsense).The one positive thing I can say about this game is that it runs better than black ops 3 on my machine. But I'm not sure why you would want this over black ops 3 considering it just got mod support so now you can get an infinite amount of content (which infinite warfare doesn't have and never will).Another point I would like to add is that MWR (which is exclusive to the premium editon of Infinite Warfare) now has become pay to win! Because now there's supply drop exclusive guns to the game! So if you were looking to pick Infinite Warfare up just to play MWR I'm afraid you're going to be very disappointed. The original Cod 4 is still good with the healthy playerbase it has plus the native mod support in the game.I had more fun writing this review than playing Infinite Warfare. 6/10
Don't buy, save your money. Get BO3 instead
I have 1gb internet on all cat6 cords and I got disconnected 2 times on 2 seperate days before the match even started. I can't give it a positive review since I can't even play the game. Maybe that's the tactic. Sell copies half price to people who keep trying to join lobbies, have them waste their 2 hour eligability for a refund and walk away with the cash.Either that or their programming team is so horrible that they can't even code a game to load from a multiplayer lobby that they coded themselves. Take your pick on the reason. Personally I'm going to think that they're not idiots and are instead con-men unless they flat out say they don't know how to make a PC Native game.I can't even load it to hate it / 10
Nobody play this s  h  i  t.(Free Weekend)
Its sucks♥♥♥♥♥
Match started. Loading level...
nice ~ downloaded Play for free to try the game!  50GB~ then ?"You do not own this product" at single player ~ donwload crack version to try the game better then this Play for free demo
This game is truly terrible. If you want something with somewhat of a similar concept but way better, go play Titanfall.
Programmed in such a way to be incompatible with machines running Avast. If you disable all of Avast's protections, you can play the game, but it'll crash for a different reason. A supposedly modern game that REQUIRES anti-virus to be disabled, then continues to crash afterwards?It's better to spend the money on pizza.
Horribly, got the free weekend deal and i cant play campaign or zombies because it says that i dont have the product what a  "free" weekend. even in multiplayer it cant connect to online services. great.
dnt buy it its a dead game ....
Crap
What a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Jesus.
Beyond horrible - Game is free to play for a week but just don't even bother.. I wouldn't play it if you paid me to.
HOLY crap this game is some donkey butt (at least on PC)what is that annoying text on the bottom left of my screen? it bugs the bejesus outta me i cant even see my fps counter.AND i get frame dropage out the♥♥♥♥♥in both infinite warfare and modern warfaredo yourself a favor and dont get this on PC. if you really want it, get it on console. it'll run so much smoother and its more populated. its a shame the only mode on here that people play is team deathmatch.oh and the uh story is good i guess (7.5/10)that is my constructive review. overall score: 0.01/100
Absolute garbage lol, even the time to even download and try this game in free weekend is a waste... Don't waste your time and money (due to new stupid network bw cap) with this pos... I have never felt so slapped in the face from trying out a game in Free weekend. DOESN'T F@CRKING WORK AT ALL! Loaded in...checkVideo Settings...checkControl mapping..checkGood to go, as I start multi... Oh great connection lost. Maybe If I open NAT..  DC AGAIN, NOPE! Looks online, NO FIX!? 10/10 WOULD WASTE TIME AND MONEY FOR FREE GAME THAT DOESN'T WORK!
I really don't want to join the hater bandwagon but the game simply does not work. Pre loaded shaders froze my PC the first time. On the second attempt it was ok. Changin any option in the Options menu freezes the game. The only way how to quit the game is with Task Manager. Multiplayer doesn't work either. I was attempting to join a TDM but it just kep on loading the level ly... My PC's specs below and I have a 200Mbps connection. Latest Nvidia updates.i7-5960X32GB RAMPalit 980Ti1 TB Sandisk SSDWindows 7 64bit
Having been dissapointed for a couple years now, this is the first CoD I didn't buy. They run a free weekend, great, I'll pick it up and just see how it is. In the 30 minutes I played, the game crashed 10 times, mind you, I have the best PC money can buy. I attempted to load into 20 multiplayer games, none of which worked. It simply did not get past "connecting to match" then after 5 minutes, could crash. Zombies was locked, horrible move... Does Infinity Ward (Do they still make cod? god knows) even want me to play the game? Over the course of the whole weekend, I did not play a minute of Call of Duty.9/10 IGN
Doesn't float my boat
Holy♥♥♥♥♥
5 hours of downloading and installing don't worth an hour of gameplay. Even on free weekend, there are few players on multiplayer, this sc*ks.
Doesnt even let you play private match cause you need a host connection like what the ♥♥♥♥ it  is a  offline match
I GOT THIS GAME WITH THE FREE WEEKEND, HOW CAN I REFUND IT?
sooooo bad
Crap,installed it on the Trial Weekend, non stop errors wont load games.no support by tge company,not worth playing COD waste of 30+ gb update
This is the sort of game Mac gamers and 12 year-olds play.
i got free weekend for this game, but this game is totally frozen.- First time is black out- now the game is frozen and could not play any match right now, waiting is wasted my timeBack to Black ops 3 may be still a good choice for me, because i still play smooth with there internet cafe spec in my local country... and yes, im from Vietnam.- Pentium G3420 3.20 ghz- Gtx 750- 4gb ram- windows 7 64 bit and i still hope maybe COD 2017 'll fix everything
COD... You done ♥♥♥♥ed up...
Yeah I enjoyed this game.I installed it, tried to change some video settings before beginning my adventure as a peon for a galactic army, game froze. But that's ok. I loaded it back up, changed another setting. It froze again.Ehhh that's ok, I'll reboot it again and just load into a game.I made a class and entered a lobby. Map would never load... And then it froze when it realized it couldn't load the map..But then yeah, I enjoyed uninstalling it from my computer.
thought of giving it a try during 'free weekend' turns out about 95% percent of the stuffs are locked. cant get into any matches and the only thing that works is the store. yes the store works! wow who wouldnt want to spent some money on COD points!just.dont.bother.
Honestly, I thought it would be at least decent. Wasted time downloading and installing the game. Free weekend, should say ONLY MULTIPLAYER. Not even fun in the multiplayer. Shotguns = OP, which I dominated using one just as all the other players do. The controls are normal but the gameplay is stupid and terrible. Thanks for making a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game!
I don't know what it is, but it's not CoD. The controls feel goofy. All weapons are more or less the same: low recoil, rapid fire, no distinct signature. Just spray and play. Everything looks clinical. But that's not the worst. The biggest problem with this 'sequel' is: the multiplayer is full of hackers – aimbotting and wallhacking you like crazy. Hackers won't even bother to deny, since there is no VAC ban. Thus, it's pointless to play online. But if you do, you'll never be able to join anything but TDM. Have fun...The single player campaign plays a bit too synthetic in the beginning. It has its nice litle moments. I wish the writers had done a better job throughout the entire game, because the ending is very disappointing. The setting feels like a mix between 'The Expanse' and 'Wing Commander'. Accidentally, you are becoming a captain of a huge space carrier, yet you're still doing all the suicidal infantry missions by yourself? Then everybody dies – what a confusion!The CoD franchise is dead – brain dead!
I played this game ironicly on the free weekend. I went into this game expecting a bad game, but what i got was so much worse. No Audio, incompatible with wireless headsets, imense frame dips, and constant crashing means i cant even load into the game. 0/10Get your refunds while you can, if you even bothered wasting your money on this dog♥♥♥♥♥♥company
This game series has barely improved over past few years.This game quality went down so bad  that you can compare it to the "Free-To-Play" shooters.
Just downloaded it, started it up and already it's breaking. I have a decent system (I5, 16Gb RAM, GTX980) and it just crawls. The audio on the opening splash was stuttering so bad, I thought it was going to tank the machine. The intro video for multiplayer is not even understandable as it stutters so badly. You're not allowed to adjust video and audio until you actually enter a game mode, which is just plain wierd to me. Even with the resolution turned down to half native, it still struggles to run.On the free trial, you're only allowed to access the multiplayer mode, but frankly, given the performance issues I've seen so far, I don't think I'll even bother.
trash
Even 50% off sale, i still want to get my refund after 1.5 hour play, really a garbage,no creative change on this game.I think it only worth $5
Something about always losing connection to Burgundia.
Downloaded the game for the free weekend since I used to love CoD what back when. Booted it up and immediately noticed how generic and drab everything felt. Its like they were using all the boring military tropes but with space suits. Hopped into a match and it felt alien. This isn't the CoD I used to love playing back in the Black Ops 1 days, this is someting new that feels really really hollow.
♥♥♥♥ youThis game was a waste of my time. It is abysmally optimized; can't find any games.Don't download this rushed garbage.0/10
So Much for a free weekend lol....The game still runs abominably a year after release. The opening cutscene had laggy crackling audio at 70 fps, and the game crashed multiple times with me never actually making it into the game and getting to play.
s h i t
Dis game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥LMAO!!!! The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game doesnt even start?!
Bad game cuz it no load multiplayer game in free weekend,Plz fix,No cpoy Pasterio my review
I didn't enjoy the game. 4/10 the multiplayer was fun for a little.
Crash of duty: infinite crashes
I want ro refund this game. I want my free back.
This game is so awful just stay away it deserved all the hate that it got.
The hour i had the game open, i was only able to get into 3 games, 1 of those was already 6 minutes in. Nice netcode dickweed.
Lagging servers, hackers and random crashes. If you bought this on pc, then consider seeking help in a mental asylum.
I can only speak for multiplayer, and its your typical futuristic bug filled mess. Got bored and uninstalled after 5 minutes of horrible latency filled gameplay. Skip this one.
Title: Uhh what?Me: "Cool, free weekend. I suck at FPS games to play online but I guess I'll try the single player"Game: You do not own this game. Purchase to play.Me, slightly agitated: "What? I thought this was the free weekend? I guess I'll try zombies, I've watched people play that and it looked fun. I did spend all night downloading this."Game: Update needed to playMe, politely expressing my disappointment over publisher's ruse: "M&$@%$^*%##$@!"Uninstall.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL EVEN ON THE FREE WEEKEND NOBODY'S PLAYING THIS HOT STEAMING PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥0/100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 WOULD WAIT 10 MINUTES FOR A MATCH IN TDM AND HAVE THE GAME CRASH IMMEDIATELY
I really don't know what happened to the once mighty and powerful Call of Duty franchise. It was once one of the best FPS games on the market take MW2 for example that game is a masterpiece. Argueably one of the best FPS games to this day. This game however is nothing like that. The Call of Duty franchise has fallen COMPLETELY so many thing are wrong with this game it would take me days to just list them all. Here are just 3 of numerous problems. I really hope the developers actually learn from their mistakes this time and make good decisions to listen to long time fans of this franchise to help get it back on track.
Space combat is a joke. Terrible to play. Ship combat is about as complex as 90ies' Wing Commander.  All time CoD low point.
The only reason this is available on steam is to make a little extra money.I got this game on the 2 days that it is free and this is basically my experience:Download this game that takes a few hours.Open the game.Find out it needs to restart to play Muiltiplayer?I restart. Crashes.Finally make it to the main menu.Go to Muiltiplayer and everything is locked.Thought that it's only free for campaign, but nope! Everything is just completely locked.Even though its "free" for 2 days. Did they just completely give up on the PC community?These idiots can't even figure out how to make it free with an ability to actually play.Please don't give these cash loving♥♥♥♥♥♥developers your hard earned money. They don't deserve it.
call of duty is deadnot even worth it on sale
JUST WASTING MY TIME!
Played this during free weekend....................... as you can see at the time 85 mins.................. 75 have been loading♥♥♥♥♥♥.......... Im not kidding. ♥♥♥♥ this I want to love this game.... but STOP MAKING♥♥♥♥♥♥PC PORTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
campaign is decent, multiplayer and zombies are complete♥♥♥♥♥
This was one of the worst games I have ever played, Do not even download this. Its not worth the time to, it is simply a horable version of call of duty's past.
nothing chance the muitlplayers is still boring as much but okey a bit better then last game i would say
Sad attempt for CoD, the exo crap is lame. Free is still a waste
LOST CONNECTION TO HOST EVERY F*KING TIME.  SP DISABLED,  COMPLETE JOKE F*K THIS GAME AND COMPANY HARD IN THEIR TIGHT BROWN HOLE
Play for free & i'm download 39GB... after finish download, play the game & i get notice "You do not own this product" ... nice job Activision, you wasting my time
Yea this game is teriable. Nothing liek the old Call of Dutys.
This review is based on the free weekend access to the game's multiplayer.Where do I even start with this? Very unfriendly messages filled with anger are constantly showing up on your screen. Level 1 players against level 58 players. Sometimes a bunch of level 1-3 against a team of level 50+ players. I managed a headshot with a rocket and the guy/bot/wtv took the impact head first, probably smirked a bit then turned around and instakilled me. That is pure, utter BS. Players are randomly warping through the level, through walls and sometimes you get killed by what appears to be invisible players. First time I entered the first game, I was assigned to one that ended 1 second after I joined it and with a message saying that I lost, even though I haven't even played. From time to time my character would randomly stop to perform gestures even though I wasn't pressing the associated key. The funniest moment was when I was shooting someone and before landing the last couple of shots my character started saluting him while he started killing me back. That one moment was pretty hilarious to see. For some reason the game started with mouse acceleration turned on. To fix it, I had to activate "Enhance pointer precision" in the Windows mouse settings then deactivate it again with the game running in the background and the mouse became usable again. In my case, it didn't work with the game closed, the game had to be opened for this trick to work.The refresh rate was set by default with a 30Hz value for no reason. I had to set it manually to its proper value.Accessing the store from inside the game, by using the dedicated "STORE" option entirely closed the game when I accessed it the first time and only worked after further attempts.For the sake of completion, I also tested the gameplay with a controller. There's no point in doing it. Sensitivity is off and even after being adjusted it doesn't feel right. Aiming is very hit or miss. I somehow feel the aim assist does more harm than good but I didn't try it without it, while using a controller. Using the mouse and keyboard is the proper way to play it and it feels a lot faster and responsive.All these are not consistent issues. I had some nice moments too. There are also genuine players and players that have a good gameplay without cutting corners. Also from time to time you encounter no bugs, no technical issues and no cheaters and it's quite enjoyable but these moments were few and far between.At this moment from what I saw and my overall experience I cannot recommend the game for its multiplayer component. It was not enjoyable as a whole experience.I can't say anything about the single player experience since the free weekend was all about multiplayer but at this moment I can say for sure that those 40GB I had to download just to be able to access the multiplayer were a waste of bandwidth.I'll probably check it again, for its single player campaign, when the price drops even more and it will drop because it's not worth even its currently discounted price at this moment.
10/10 - IGN Thanks Activision for letting me play this amazing masterpiece. By making this game for free you have proven yourself that I should never get my hands on any of your products marked with the magical signature, Activision.
I saw tumbleweeds pass by in Multiplayer.
Connection was ♥♥♥♥♥♥, since there is only a few thousand on at peak hours. You will never play anything but team deathmatch. The jetpacks are aids (especially with the connection). If you want a good weapon you have to pay for it (even though you would already be paying $60 for the game). The game is very free to play like in its buisness model which is unfortunate. They still use VAC so any cheat since like COD 2 could get past this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everytime you press a button on the menus with the mouse or get into a gunfight it seems like the FPS will drop. Same old problems on PC like all of the other COD, the mouse problem, the lack of players, the hackers etc. So all in all I guess I can give it a 6/10 because at least it works, the graphics are ok. Would I ever pay for it.... no. Would I play it for free, eh occasionally. But definitely far from triple A quality. Give next year a try.
The Main Game CODIW is a disappointment (it lost its touch) but it would be nice to be able to buy the Remake of COD Modern Warfare separately though.
The Main Game CODIW is a disappointment (it lost its touch) but it would be nice to be able to buy the Remake of COD Modern Warfare separately though.
Game crashes everytime I join a match. Queue wait times are horrible. Terrible game.
Call of Duty is just not how I remember it...
Very poorly made for a triple A title. Would not play again.
Haven't played a single match. Spent all my time losing connection on match startup or can't find a match on free weekend, are you kidding me?
Multiplayer was so glitchy, it barely even worked. I couldnt even connect to play with my friends. It's not my wifi, it worked perfectly in other games. Don't buy this game.
It's ok, its really nothing special because it just feels like BLOPS 3 with an updated look. The only positive thing that really sticks out for me is the cleaner futuristic aesthitic I really enjoy as opposed to the rougher dirt and grime look that the other games have.  The biggest con is the unreliable laggy p2p connections that the mutliplayer uses, which really doesn't suprise me cause COD has been doing that since MW2. If you are thinking about getting this just get BLOPS 3 which has official mod support, dedicated servers, a server browser and alot more content than Infinite Warfare.
computer spec'd well over the minimum requirments but yet i still have unamanagable screen tear FPS drop and dialouge lag and the ingame setting to adjust the graphics setting is cpmplete utter S*** save your money and buy a hooker it will trreat you better
Why make this game free on steam when you cant even play it due to errors?
game ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my 980ti, Couldn't spawn without getting hit with grenades.downloaded this to play zombies, doesn't even let me do that. 0/10
The only thing that works is the store, anything else makes it crash. I wonder why?
awesome thanks cod this game is crap no matter what port i forward still doesnt let me join people.thanks for the free weekend so i would waste my money on you not like i was anyway lol
Saw that Infinite Warfare had a free two day weekend. Figured to myself, eeehhhh, I frequent the CoD hate train, but I used to play World at War back when it was the new thing. Maybe I can have a few laughs in this new one. Even if there are only a couple campaign levels for the free weekend, I can still at least get a ta-"Campaign locked - you do not own this product"Wellp, that totally blows. Not even just the first mission to get me interested? Maybe I could at least do a round or two of zomb-"Zombies locked - you do not own this product"So you're telling me... the only thing you have to showcase in your new CoD game... is the same multiplayer that the games have had for 10 years now?"But it has jetpacks now!"OH, WOW, NEATO, JETPACKS, COOLNo thank you.
Downloaded it on the free play weekend, campaign and zombies locked, multiplayer only and it looks like the community is dead...
For free weekend players, Don't play this game because the multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥It takes forever to matchmaking, Don't waste your time on this free weekend♥♥♥♥♥♥On the other hand, I watched campaign on Youtube, its not very bad.Most importantly, don't play unless you want to play campaign mode.
Free MP reviewTrash. Some of the worst map designs Ive seen in a cod game. Another head scratcher is howTF does the gameplay get worst when your using the same s*** year after year? S*** feels like a god damn arcade game...
To many server issues and to many crashes not even worth playing during the free weekend.
Free WeekendAlmost everything is locked off and requires you to purchase the game...
just no, dont even think about getting it xD if you wanna play cod get a console
Black Ops 3 and Ghosts had a baby, and it was ugly.
i rate bad
Might be good if it worked. Tried downloading the Multi-Player on their F2P weekend, and it's pretty broken. 5-6 minutes on launch waiting for the shaders to load before I give up and cancel it and risk their "nagatively impacted performance". First time making it to the lobby, there was an update for some list, and the game froze. Had to CTRL-ALT-DEL to exit it. Second try, cancel neverending shader loading, get to lobby, and game hangs forever loading the game. Never left the player-list screen. Tried backing out and it freezes after hitting "quit" at the Main Menu. You should not be required to exit a game using the three-fingered-salute. I've been looking for a new CoD game to try since I'm now gaming 99% on PC, but this isn't a good sign. Glad I didn't buy it, even cheaply. If I can ever get into the game to play it, then I might be able to recommend it. Only Multi-Player available to me as of now.Specs, for those neysayers:FX8320E @ 3.8ghz16gb DDR3 RAMMSI RX470 4GB @1.3ghz60mbps Internet.
This game is crap ngl! I gave it a fair chance by not judging it until i played it (i played on free weekend) and its awful. I feel like ur just walking and out of no where blue lasers come bouncing around corners and lasers r just coming from every where. as well, the run meta is so bad! I feel like im fighting with the game to friken run forward! dont buy not worth it! they only want ur money, i.e. they just adding tons of supply drop weapons! wtf 200 new weapons last week.
My first impression will also be the last for the game unless these terrible excuses of video game developers actually provide display settings for PC users without locking them out for no and/or unexplained reason why.You know I honestly thought that Black Ops 3 wasn't all that great despite how much it satisfied me to provide specific display settings to my needs.But THIS IS SOME STREAMLINED SIMPLICITY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T.Thank you Steam for giving this free weekend to reconsider my thoughts about buying this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ excuse of a game that tries to call itself a Call of Duty game.
Its a♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Hitboxes are bad, I shot to the right of a person with a sniper and it hit them.Shotguns can be used as snipers because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥hitboxes.Flash and Stun Grenades thrown at face = 1 shot WM1 = Is how the game is playedMachine Guns, Miniguns and any autofire gun mostly 1 shot on the head♥♥♥♥ing melee 1 shots (Not even joking)The rpg phases through people and doesn't splash Worst fps game in the history of games.No skill is required to play this game.The Ultimate things are typical no skill guns; eg. claw a minigun that ricochet of the wall and kill people just wm1The laser guns litreally splash but the rpgs don't (logic)♥♥♥♥ing flying drone (UAV) that is immortal shots so ♥♥♥♥ing fast and rapes you in 1 second♥♥♥♥ing ironsights randomly go away after its been on for too long or some♥♥♥♥♥♥br>♥♥♥♥ing most pistols are automatic Maps are so squishyJust all around a♥♥♥♥♥♥gameDon't waste your money on this terrible ♥♥♥♥ing game.Btw I played the free weekend, I have never and will never buy any COD games.
I should be able to play on medium however it won't even let me play on low. Horrible.
In this weekands "Demo" play the multiplayer wolund not work at all. The game kept saying that it had lost connection to the server host.
I love how huge companies can afford and give there players a chance to experience their full games and ull game modes that are included,,,,, This game however is not included under that banner, This is meant to be a free weekend and yet you cannot access any of the game modes apart from multiplayer, Campaign is unaccessable, Zombie mode is unaccessable and you do not have access to COD4 remastered.To a potential buyer of this game they have really screwed their chances to draw me to even think about buying this game, Is this company just wanting people to use their bandwidth and troll us by only being able to play multiplayer but placing INFINITE WARFARE as a free weekend making us think the entire game is free, I dont know about everyone else but I wasted 40 gig of bandwidth, I do not recommend this game and in future gaming companies should make the entire game free if they are offering a free weekend
What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
it crashed every time, it seems to be a memory leak. get close to 4GB on my 12GB machine and then window 7 pop up asks to kill it since it using too much resource.half way through the start video in MP, it hangs.holding esc before reaching that point will "skip" the video, then you can get to select your suit but again it hangs due to reources just few seconds after that
You would think they would at least do everything they can to make it work over the free play weekend, but no.
WORST COD I'VE EVER PLAYED, WORST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED. I don't know how people actually wanna pay 30 to 60 bucks for this game. I mean♥♥♥♥♥♥it's not good at all.
The worst cod made.
Played this for the free weekend, joined a few matches and just not impressed at all. From the original modern warfare COD to this one, I really can't tell you what is different other than being spammed about DLC and buying supply crates. Kinda bummed I subjected my computer to downloading this in the first place.
Horrible mess
Couldn't connect to the game because my name had 8 characters too much. This might be the worst game on steam for 60 dollars.
piece of♥♥♥♥♥
With the free weekend, you get to play the multiplayer of Infinite Warfare for 2-3 days.  Since I had some time to play the game and having experience with other Call of Dutys, I can say without a doubt that this is one of the weakest in the franchise.  I played black ops 3 on console, it felt nice but there was one thing that always bothered me ever since Call of Duty starting doing the whole future thing.  The guns, yes the guns lost its meaning after black ops 2.  Almost all guns have the same time to kill, dealing around the same DPS.  The guns never feel unique to their own degree.  Back in World at War or in Modern Warfare, almost every gun the in the game felt like its own thing.  Infinite Warfare has guns that has the same pew pew sound, lazer sounds that gets old after a while.  And another thing thats getting old is the series itself.  Infinite Warfare doesn't seperate itself from the rest of the series or try to make itself unique.  It's pretty much Black ops 2.5, still having the same "Supers" you get to use 2-3 times a match.  The time I spent playing this game, I saw nothing refreshing and thats what Infinite warfare lacks, Identity and Uniqueness.  And with Microtransactions and DLC/Season passes, I don't see this game having a long life span for the PC.  Extremly short user base and most of the game-modes are dead besides TDM and maybe Infection.  I do not recommend this game at this state until Activision revamps their business.  Otherwise, this game will die like the other CoDs and will eventually be forgotten like Ghost.  Make DLCs free, optimize the game, stuff that will keep the game alive in the future and a reason to come back to it besides "nostalgia"
dont bother trying it for the free weekendyou cant play anything dont bother buying it its not worth any money
Aw, thanks for the free weekend Activi$ion and the newbie developers of Infinity Ward. You shouldn't have...No seriously, you shouldn't have given us the opportunity to torture ourselves with this incomplete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is so unoptimized, it's a wonder why you even bother bringing it to the PC. Granted, your game is actually♥♥♥♥♥♥across all the available platforms; it certainly couldn't be more♥♥♥♥♥♥with this poor excuse of a CoD game. Awful map designs, awful weapon balance, awful graphical settings and optimization, and awful hit detection, and servers. I feel sorry for anyone who wasted their money for this game; Activi$ion and the new IW are giving you guys the ultimate middle finger. Hell, I even feel like I wasted time trying this game out. It's not even about saving your money anymore you guys; just save your time and leave this game alone.
be nice to actually be able to get into a game. But instead they just send you back to the main menu. Some free weekend. When can we expect modern warfare to be released on its own. That i might buy. COD is dead.... doubt its coming back RIP
poopoo
The quality of this game...oh man. Oh man. It's really bad. You ever played Dirty Bomb? Imagine that you've got the gunplay of Dirty Bomb (which is actually not bad on its own), but instead of trying to make it fun the developers have tried to make it more 'realistic'. Yes, I put 'realistic' in quotes, becuase they did an abyssmal job of it. If you look way back, all the way back to the days of early release Arma II, you'll have the degree to which this game is optimized. I have an i5 6600K and a GTX 1070, and if I turned things up above High I dipped below 60 on the MENUS. The damn menu. Of course, that's with the frame limiter turned . I can't seem to remember the name of the setting that caps your frames at 60 FPS, but it's  by default (no, it isn't the VSync setting, that's off by default, which...??? Why would you turn off the obvious frame limiter and then use another obscure, oddly named setting to limit frames? GG). And then there's the playerbase...well, most of you already know how the COD playerbase functions, but imagine that the game has been flooded with tactictards and tryhards (which it has, no imagination needed) and you'll have at least half of the people that have played this game for more than 50 hours. Do not EVEN get me started on the Variant system. It's essentially a reskin of Advanced Warfare's system, but with even more balance issues and less effort. Oh, and did I mention you can PAY for currency to unlock variants? Because you can. And it's absolutely horrific. Seeing as Variants are buffed versions of original weapons, they are at an immediate advantage to the originals, and the more you pay the more likely you are to get a stronger variant. The Epic versions of some variants are so off-the-charts overpowered that you cannot hope to outdo a player that is playing with one without having one yourself. Or being a professional E-Sports player. Which most of us aren't. The 'Quartermaster' is really, literally, without a doubt, a complete copy of Black Ops III's 'Black Market'. This is not an exaggeration. The only difference? The salesman is a robot and the menu has been switched to a tile layout. You get keys to open supply drops (cryptoKEYS anyone?), and there are two types. Common and Rare. Even the prices are the same as BO3, at 10 and 30 a pop. You get basically the same things out of them, taunts, skins, other things, with the sole addition of variants as an added 'bonus'.Edit: I actually went back and changed out the word 'bonus'. I couldn't use it. It didn't describe the Variants at all. But then I went back again and put quotes around it. That's about 100% of your daily intake of sarcasm.You're welcome. It's really bad. It's a reskinned BO3 with some Advanced Warfare thrown in, and to top it off it suffers from crippling performance issues and a practically nonexistent playerbase. Whoever is left is either a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥or an egolomaniac, and nearly impossible to play with. My rating?10/10 would buy just to toss my PC into the fireplace again.Oh, and ignore my gametime. I played console, too, which is essentially exactly the same seeing as it would appear this game was designed for console and then ported over to PC.
nononononoononononono
i cant even play offline WTF IS THIS LOL THIS IS A JOKE XD
Welp, wasted a bunch of my time/bandwidth downloading this for the "Free Weekend".  Don't waste your time folks, only thing available is the multiplayer I guess.  All I wanted to do was check out the campaign.
I bought this on release (like the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I am), and went into it expecting garbage. It was unplayable garbage, with the lack of mouse smoothing, the random freeze-ups, drops in framerate, crashing, despite having an unlocked i7-6700k, 16 GB of RAM, and a GTX 1070. Multiplayer was stupid, forcing me to sit through an entire round before letting me join. If that wasn't problem enough, there was the waiting for ten minutes on launch for shaders to preload. When people start a game, they want to play it, not sit and wait for shaders to preload, or a round of multiplayer to finish. I gave up and refunded it, as I couldn't play it at all.I got it again during free weekend to see if anything was fixed.Haha. Nope.
I bought this on release (like the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I am), and went into it expecting garbage. It was unplayable garbage, with the lack of mouse smoothing, the random freeze-ups, drops in framerate, crashing, despite having an unlocked i7-6700k, 16 GB of RAM, and a GTX 1070. Multiplayer was stupid, forcing me to sit through an entire round before letting me join. If that wasn't problem enough, there was the waiting for ten minutes on launch for shaders to preload. When people start a game, they want to play it, not sit and wait for shaders to preload, or a round of multiplayer to finish. I gave up and refunded it, as I couldn't play it at all.I got it again during free weekend to see if anything was fixed.Haha. Nope.
Terriable game does not support my DDR 3 New ram at all Cant even play with friends says I need a restart for a update I restart and it Does it over and over
WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥
Wanted to try campaign mode since I don't really care for multiplayer. Of course, you don't find out that campaign mode isn't available in the "free" weekend until AFTER you download and install 50GB. Uninstalled.
Yet another poor showing from call of duty, will they ever return to the glory days of 1/2/4/WaW? I doubt it.
I would rather fill my father's scrotum with♥♥♥♥♥and eat it than try not to disconnect from the servers in this ♥♥♥♥ing horrible game again. Now to see if the uninstall and 'remove this product from my account' buttons will work.
It's such a Shity game ! so i was like oh maby people where talking♥♥♥♥♥♥about it so i played it and no they where being truthfull about there felling about  the game. if your looking for a good futureistic game you shuld go ahaed and buy Titanfall 2 because that game is bay♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
Free Weekend:Unbalanced teams; what else can I say?
Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥won't even start GTX 1070 and I7 6700k. We just wanted to try and play a couple rounds of COD zombies for nostalgia but according my friends, half the♥♥♥♥♥♥is locked. WHY EVEN LET DO A FREE WEEKEND IF HALF THE♥♥♥♥♥♥ISN'T FREE? Goddamn greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥no wonder we all stopped playing at Black Ops 2. Greediness needs to be a crime I swear.
OMG this♥♥♥♥♥♥is so bad, never try the free version and never even think about buying it with real money. I would not even play this♥♥♥♥♥♥even if I got payed.
same rehashed garbage.
A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
WHATEVER YOU DO, STAY FAR FAR AWAY FROM THIS GAME.In short, multiplayer is an unbalanced, not-very-fun competition to see who can play like the largest♥♥♥♥♥♥If single player is your thing, the campaign is decent by FPS standards. Don't expect some immersive emotional roller coaster.Zombies is pretty cookie-cutter and recycled. Just get Black Ops 3, at least it has mod support.In summary, this game is quite insulting to the CoD franchise and the FPS genre as a whole.
Waste of  money, waste of space.
Terrible. Saw that it was avaialble to download and try for 2 days. Was reluctant at first because of all the negative reviews but thought id give it a shot anyway seeing as its free and with a glimmer of hope that it might have some enjoyable aspects. Once downloaded i played with the lowest expectations but still managed to find myself really disappointed. The movement feels clunky and the matchmaking system isnt balanced. The game itself felt ridiculous as i saw people flying all over the place. After 2 hours the servers were down and i cant join a match after 15 minutes trying. Honestly wanted to like this game but its terrible.
Don't waste your money on this broken game. The game is poorly optimized, there aren't enough players who actually play the game and the player base that does exist, complains about hacking 24/7. Compared to last year's installment in the Call of Duty franchise, Black Ops 3, Infinite Warfare is terrible. I would highly recommend skipping this year's Call of Duty and investing in some of the older installments.
Crap Single player good tho
Felt too clunky, i had to wait till i was in a match to change my video settings, the 5 matches i played none of them were balaced player wise. 2 out of 5 were 1 v 6. primary weapons felt useless. TBH I'd rather play Halo ODST or the equivalent of ♥♥♥♥ing an angry meat grinder.
I WUDNT IF IT WAS FREE
Lag spikes way too often.
Free weekend? - Well, I willI give it a try... After downloading the very large game. Nope. It is free multiplayer only. False advertisment.   0/10.Would have  never downloaded ot reviewed it if it was multiplayer only.
Installed to try it for free, tried to join team death match 3 times, lost connection ever time, unistalled game, went back to Battlefield. Happy again.
It feels sooooo cheap.... Dont waste your time.... BF1 is better by far and by all means.
After downloading beta, i was not able to join any match and I was instantly kicked out :)))2/10.. Cause graphics are quite pretty.
Matchmaking and UX are poor.
Well, id be an idiot to pay anything for this shiat. it's not worth attenion during free weekend as well .lol

Lets see...-long wait of cache shaders-multiplayer cutscene lagged like hell even though with 60fps-lobbies still filled with 15 year old toddlers screaming in their mics-in-game currencies still being used in 60 dollar game-occasional lag during gun fights-search and destroy removed from playlist-jetpacksYeah, I would have regretted buying this game at full price.
missing search and destroy game mode. doesnt run well on gtx 770 and i7-4770k. only game mode anyone is playing is team deathmatch and even then people leave making it 6 v 2. ps4 version is much better.
Literally trash. I played a game that was 5 against 1. The game never bother to balance out the teams, and my team was forced to sit there bored out of their minds because they didn't want a loss for leaving. The one guy on the enemy  team didn't want to leave because I guess he was into being pounded by 5 guys or something. I stayed because it was funny.
THIS GAME IS PICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT BUY. IF U WANT TO KEEP GETTING DISCONECTTED AND STUFF.. AND LOOOSE LIKE ♥♥♥♥ING 1 HOURS TRYING TO PLAY , THEN THAT MIGHT BE THE GAME FOR U .
TERRIBLE
it's♥♥♥♥♥
this game is a black ops 3 ripoff -didnt play the campaign tho
As free to play game, it's decent.
It's iffy but it isnt worth sixty maybe thirty at best. people these days...
Play for free, my asp. You can neither play the campaign nor the zombie mode. Only the Multi Player mode is available, which is of zero interest to me and certainly does NOT constitue for me "play for free".
I've only few words.Legendary pistol shoots faster than akimbo smg. GG WP.
This isn't a game, this is a joke
1 hour to download and 10 minutes to play game - "Unable to establish secure connection to host."Good music in Multiplayer menu though.PS: Modern Warfare Remastered SEPARATELY, pls
Poop♥♥♥♥♥♥;c
What did you expect?
Pls return 18 min of my life.- Worst COD.
First match: Found a hacker....G F***Ing G
Alas, another horrible game in a string of horrible games that Activision has pumped out for some time now. The illusion that Call of Duty (CoD) was a fun and playable game was shattered long ago for me, but i figured i would try this 'itteration' out given that it was free for the weekend. As far as i am aware i spent only 77 minutes on this game having only access to the multiplayer which, let's face it, is the only reason anyone gets a Call of Duty game, and all i've been left with is a increased resolve that i shall never pick up a CoD game again and that the 77 minutes spent on this 'game' is time i will unfortunately never get back. So let's dig a bit deeper shall we?There are many reasons that i dislike this game and more reason for why i dislike Activisions policy on Call of Duty games, but i'll keep it to the game and disregard those bound for the fourth Circle of Hell. To do this i thought i'd bring up the three greatest issues (for me at least) that i had with the game and the three greatest merits, assuming i can find three that is...TL;DR at the bottom.The flaws -1 - Combat that is unnecessarily fast paced. This is something that seems to be quite the theme with the recent installments of CoD and here it is again cranked up to 12. Now i don't mind fast paced games but let's keep up to a pace that people can understand what is going on and not where you are thrown into the game every 10-20 seconds due to repeated deaths and given a good boot to run in whatever direction your facing while firing as wildly as Stallone when he gets his hands on a LMG. Exagerated? Yes. Far from the truth? No. There is little sense in direction and little sense in what you are doing beyond 'shoot anything that moves', which brings me onto my next point...2 - A complete lack of any tactics or strategy. I don't expect players to be of an RTS level of playstyle but having said that i do believe that the game is very much catering to a playstyle that favors a run 'n' gun style over anything even remotely resembling tactical thinking. Hence the mass amount of deaths that happen in this game. People run in, get killed, then run in... It's a loop of stupidity and i feel dumber having to wittness that happen over and over again. Note that i only wittness it because i try to play more objectively; i hold a point or a line and try to cover myself and others because no one else will do it, and yet i get punished for that playstyle in the form of bad spawns, incidently my next point...3 - Respawns. Look, i get it, a fast game needs fast respawns and the placement comes second to that, but there's a problem with this. For someone like me who is trying to hold a back line it is beyond annoying to be flanked, not by someone who as went around me, but by someone who has simply spawned behind any obstacle that is roughly 0.5 metres away from where i am... The whole point i hold this line is to prevent my entire team from getting flanked and despite that the opposition will simply spawn behind me anyways! Now i could pick apart the jet packs and i could go on and on about how unbalanced the guns are and the killstreaks etc etc, but for me i found those 3 issues the most aggrivating. As a sort of bonus issue to bring up; Map design is rather so and so. It relates to all 3 of the points i've brought up as it encourages fast playstyles, it limits tactical viability and it creates the spaces for bad spawns, so it gets a special mention.Now onto the very few silver linings -1 - The graphics are very nice. For all of Activisions faults they do know how to make a game look good. Nothing else much to say on that.2 - The feel of the weapons. When i fire the guns in this game and i see the bullets leave the gun, they feel very much like weapons in my hands. They sound nice and the recoil and sway as you aim down the sights makes you feel more like you're playing an actual person rather than an animated construct which is good for immersion.3 - The uninstall button works brilliantly! It is by far well and away the most efficient and pleasing thing about the game. It's a shame it loses its 'replayability' after one use, ah well, it was fun while it lasted.Seeing as the issues got a bonus point i deem it only fair that the merits do as well. I got it free, for 2 days, kudos for Activision to do that knowing full well people were going to shred it to pieces.TL;DRPROS1 - Nice graphics.2 - Good weapon feel.3 - A damn good uninstall button. CONS1 - Unnecessarily fast paced.2 - 404 Tactics not found.3 - Bad respawn positions.If i were to give this game a typical 'out of 10' rating i would firmly place it as a 3/10.Ussually i would go more in depth with a score system but seeing as i didn't actually buy the game and have access to all its features i thought it best to keep it simple and to the point. I hope you enjoyed my review and took from it something constructive. If not i am very open to criticism as it gives room for improving oneself.
♥♥♥♥♥just as i tought !
I tried this game on this free weekend. So far I've being like half an hour trying to find a match, did it on the deathmatch and free for all, having no result and not actually being able to play at all! I don't have anything else to judge it, if I can't find a match now that the game is free to play, I don't even want to imagine how it'll be when the trial is over. I don't have anything else but to not recommend it. Will update if there is any change
Koji kurac
this is the most♥♥♥♥♥♥cod ever!
yeah...dont buy it.
This is not a game. This is a frustration of the frustration. A $60 scumbag.
Can't really tell you how this game plays, graphics are superb from what I can tell but the free to play weekend which should entice gamers to want to buy this product will be disappointed to find that due to map loading the game will time out ie. crash so there are no multi-player encounters I can say i took part in. I would suggest to the manufacturers to allow the maps to be downloaded as well so to elimate the lag out crash. I was really looking forward to trying this game but alas after 20 or so attempts I'm just gonna have to pass on this one.
Not a bad game as everyone says it to be, if the game had no supply drops it would be a balanced fun game, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t variants have returned and they are as bad as Advanced Warfare's. Everyone who still plays this dead game just uses whatever is the best one. This is the real problem and always has been since 2014 but nobody cared until it infected MWR. Instead people hop on the bandwagon and claim to hate the future setting which brings a lot more content and will never become stale since we don't know how it'll play out. All in all, if the game wasn't dead and didn't have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t supply drops I would say try it, but instead people would much rather play the rehashed Battlefield 1 instead. Just go buy something else, if you really want to play this game buy it on consoles.
Well the game was on a free trial and as a kid I no lifed this game. Decided to give it a shot.20 minutes of gameplay:15 minutes - Preloading the shaders for the game2 minutes - clicking multiplayer and being told that i have to restart the game3 minutes - me closing the game and re opening it because it freezes in the multiplayer menu10/10 best freezing simulator on the marketEDIT:ok so its been almost 5 months since i last played this game. Went up for free weekend again. Updated from the old potato to the computer i have now. gtx 1070 32g of ram, i 6700k proccessor and even a SSD that i put this load of crap on. STILL FREEZES, what the hell was this money hog of a game thinking releasing this load of garbage. If anyone is considering buying this game trust the reviews. It is not worth it it crashes even on top of the line rigs. This game is nothing but a money grab.
I've been all my life a Counter Strike kid. But I will give you some reasons why you *should not* buy this game.You need a beefy computer to run this game fine. I'm used to something like 100 fps, not 30 fps. I tried running the older versions on my own computer and they ran beautifully. This game is nothing like the older versions. I loved the older versions as much as Counter Strike, but this one is just bad. It's really a copy and paste and more heavy version of the older CoD games.If you are an older player and you want to buy this game... just don't. get Black Ops II or III. They are way better and they will run way better. If you haven't upgraded your PC for like 3-4 years this game will probably run with 30 fps and and you will get 50 fps on some more lightweight maps.Overall after playing this game little bit I find this game... bad simply bad. Get Modern Warfare 2 instead. Oh and also, it's pretty much the same game, over and over again, so i just recommend you to go to Battlefield 1 or Counter Strike Global Offensive (it's still an option shhh). I find Battlefield 1 enjoyable and if Counter Strike didn't existed I was going to be all the way Battlefield player.I hope you found my review helpful.
Just going to help you out now! Dont get it!
This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥i want my free back i cludn't even find a server.I want old cod.Thanks for lost 2 hours of my life :'(
They say that you can play this game for free this weekend yet it does not allow you to play the campaign version at all.  It states that you must purchase in order to play campaign version.  WTF?!?  I believe they advertised that we can play for free, not play for free except for whatever they decide they don't want you to play.  I like testing a game out based on campaign play.  Obviously it is not completely free to play for the weekend.  It's more like Play for Free after Purchasing the Game.
10/10 Bunny hop simulator. Everyone just jumpshots, the last bit of skill in this nonskill game for 12 year olds is gone. Its just flying, and spray 'n pray for an kill! Welcome to cod. I could've just said: It's a COD game. and that would've been enoughn for a review
Remember MW2, Infinity Ward doesn't.
things that are wrong with this game1.cant connect to a game if your name is longer than 15 characters2.servers are dedicated but you get dropped from games alot3.game is dead take 5-10 minutes to get into a game that is if it does not disconnect connectionthings right with this game1.FOV can go to 120I legitimately feel sorry if people payed for this awful productIW get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together
Half baked. Just like me.
This game is bad. Probably worse than Ghosts. Hopefully they stay true to their word and go "back to their roots" this year
If you weren't a fan of Black Ops 3, then sorry to say, you won't be fond of this game repeating the same mistakes that turned you away. If you were a fan of Black Ops 3, then sorry to say, this game is a much lesser version of last years entry. This game's multiplayer doesn't seem to be made by human beings, but machines who put more emphasis on grinding rather than improving the gameplay.
I remember thinking to myself I seen a review on here I got it for free and i want my free back....♥♥♥♥♥♥its supposed to be free weekend and welll I can't campaign or even get into a mutiplayer match... yea this game is free alright for the weekend... Free to download and uninstall that is... everytime I tried to even get into a mutiplayer match I got disconnected before it even started nothing is wrong with my computer either My computer is up to date and runs some game like a pro... this game however♥♥♥♥♥♥what a waste of even downloading it... now i get to uninstall.... COD has Died :(
This sucks, won't even let me play because of lag also i have a awesome computer that barely ever lags!
AWFUL:SSS
no sound
There's only one thing you should know about this game. Don't buy it. You'll save your money, you'll save your life pain, you'll save your future children pain, you'll save gaming and you'll save the planet. Well..maybe not the planet, but you'll save something! Polar bears, lets go with that, you'll save polar bears.
This is NOT call of duty. This game is complete garbage. I'm not a troll and I actually did play the game for about 15 minutes , and it's not even worth that time. The audio is garbage and has re hashed older soundsthe players are the same , multiple people camping.and when I wanted to join a FFA match , it kicked me and couldn't find anything. Oh and on top of all of this , after my first TDM , the game crashed.  10/10 shouldn't even hit steam greenlight.
My dead phone was more entertaining than this game.
I played this on a free weekend. Only the multiplayer was available, so I will be speaking for the multiplayer aspect.I never found a game. Nobody plays this, and neither should you. Maybe the campaign or zombies are good, but multiplayer sucks.
The worst CoD ever, really i cant belive in what this turned on .... GARBAGE!
can't even get into a multiplayer match, this game is trash.
Downloaded itPlayed 40 minsDeinstalled itPlayed BF1
Tried the free weekend, Couldnt not get into a public game, Neither could friends! Waste of money if buying for multiplayer.
Wanted to test the game out. Campaign isn't free, zombies too and multiplayer isn't working at all. 0/10. ♥♥♥♥ you Activision. I'm done with you once and for all.
Bootleg halo.
Can't even change video settings without the game freezing and never returning to a usable state, have to force close everytime. Wasted 39.9 GB of internet to get this, fix it infinity ward.
THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥
GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER ACTIVISION
Free weekend my♥♥♥♥♥ only mutiplayer, cant even do zombies or the singe player campaign after spending 7 hours to download 40 gigs what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke!
this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥played accouple matches lagged in all matches i played...pc specs fx 6300 @4.3ghz16gbs of ramr9 380 4gb video cardalso for a free weekend game u cant play zombies....just terrible
Just don´t
Free weekend version doesn't let you play campaign, and after 50 gb of donloading it soemhow managed not to download an update so it's not even worth it for free, I didnt spend any money but wasted my time
This game is complete garbage.  Its time for this fanchise to die.
This should be labelled as Infinite Warfare not Call of Duty Infinite Warfare. I bought the game because it was on sale and because of MWR. If you love MWR then wait for the standalone don't waste $80 on the legacy edition you will regret it. Infinite Warfare is one of those games where they want to lure you into buying it (like the legacy edition). Honestly, it has no COD vibe to it. If you want MWR WAIT FOR THE STANDALONE, seriously MWR is like.............................DEAD plus the optimization is like terrible
sh*t game i do not recomend worst money i have ever spent.cons:♥♥♥♥♥♥gamemy pc can run it so it has bad graphicsyou get put into matches with pros when u r noobpros: you can delete very well
Have not been able to play one game, multiplayer disconnects every time.
A 50 GB install, 39.9 GB download.That's the amount of crap you have to download just to enjoy this "free" weekend. But it isn't free.You're locked out of most of the modes unless you pay. This isn't how it works Activision.I would have given this game a chance had you not royally screwed me and others over with your fake free weekend announcement.
terrible cod worst cod ever
After starting up the game I then had to wait abuot 3 minuets for it to "preload shaders", after which the game shuts down to install an update, after I LITERALLY JUST INSTALLED THE GAME. Then the game wouldn't start at all gg.After activating "safe mode" (or basically 'this game is bugged to the max so instead of fixing it we'll just change some settings for you' mode) the game decided to start. Trying to play this on the "free weekend" is pointless as the ONLY thing avalible to you is the multiplayer, not the full game.So basically, it ISN'T a "free" weekend as you have to buy the game in order to play anything else.Now if you're all for the multiplayer, it's still a waste of time as NOBODY PLAYS THIS GAME SO YOU'LL BE WAITING FOR AN INFINITY FOR A GAME TO HAPPENI gave up after about 5-10 mins.Call of Duty sucks and people know it, don't waste your time with this, even if it is "free"
Spent 20 minutes trying to connect to the god damn servers just to get disconnected or have the game freeze every single time. 0/10 literally unplayable (which isn't even an exaggeration)
GARBAGE
Gargabe.utter garbage. Steam tells me to download the game because it is "FREE" to play for a few days. I download and install it, login and click Multiplayer..guess what? I see LOCKS...so yes cant join a game. Click Single player/ Zombies I get the message "I am not the owner of this content" Pretty cool 40GB download, if all you want to do is look at a game Menu / Settings. Unbelieveable!
Tried to play it however nog playable at all. Keeps crashing and when i was finally loading a map it took forever.This is just garbage.
This is the bigger disappointment than I am.Pros:It removes itself from disk pretty quickly, would do that again 10/10.Cons:Yeah.
12 year olds
It crashed when I changed one graphic setting.
This is one of the worst games i ever played i got the demo thinking it would be good but i soon changed my mind
This is the first steam review I've ever written. This game is practically abandoned. I tried playing on a free weekend (so I assume there's more players than average) on popular game modes (TDM, Free for All, etc.) and I have to wait at least 5 minutes to find anyone. When I join a server, it instally loses connection. Additionally, I set up a match with bots and the issue still occurs.
10/10 would uninstall again
I played the beta on PS4 and thought it was just ok, but i couldn't play it at all on PC, as it crashes everytime I tried to join a match.
♥♥♥♥♥game.....Since 2011.
Man uinstalling this game is so much fun ;)
Can't believe I actually gave this a chance. I could barely even play because my frames were dropping constantly and no it wasn't because of my setup (check bio).
50 Gb of a fraud. You can visit only store page in freeweekend versionI downloaded this game because it was on 'freeweekend' event. But I can not play the game because you do not own it! Then why did they make me download 50gb of ... shiitDONT WASTE YOUR TIME
This is the worst Call of Duty game I have ever played. It is barely 3 months since the release and the player base is already down to 1600 players worldwide. Even with this free weekend trial, players are hard to come by; sometimes taking up to 15 minutes to find a match.
I honestly don't understand why Activision is being so stubborn with the CoD series. It's been trash for years now, and they keep pushing for content nobody wants.This is probably the worst case of copy/paste I've seen by far. It feels so similar to Black Ops 3, I don't understand why anybody would pay more than $30 for this game. Reused animations, copy/pasted HUD, and a lot of the specialists abilities are pretty damn similar to some from Black Ops 3.What little they changed from what they copied from Black ops 3 just feels clunkier. Less wall running, and it takes longer to actually latch onto a wall and wallrun. If you want a good run n gun game like this, go to Titanfall 2. The fact that this has more players than Titanfall 2 is just sad.I'm playing on a free weekend and I feel ripped off.
it seems as though Treyarch is the only developer that can make a good COD game. this was a step backwards from BO3...
I rather play with my nan's saggy titts than this garbage :)
So, I've heard of the whole "Boots on ground" thing, and I believe I now understand it. I like BO3, and I've played it a little. I just played some IW, and the amount of effort that was taken to make it even more si-fiy that the rest is just gross. I would buy, for sure, a COD game that acually made me feel like I was doing my call to duty. Please guys, sell the COD title to someone willing to make a good game, with boots on the ground, and don't want to have everything relying on dlc's.Too wild and not very fun, so a 3/10.This reveiw is only for the limited mutiplayer granted by the free weekend.
I didn't even pay for this game and I want my money back. Litterally none of the online features work, after spending a good 30 minutes on trying to even play the game even with bots or something but never escaping the endless menus I gave up.Also the game doesn't have a way to get to the settings from the main menu, and it doesn't save my settings when I retart the game. I miss when Call of Duty was good.
yeah... not for me.took way too long for a game released last year to find me a game, and when i started on MP it was alright.but isnt anything new, what i wanted was to see if the SP game was any fun. but its not for free weekend.uninstal simulator, i would wish the makers of bf and cod would skip a year and come up with something new.cheers and best of luck
Damn, this game is so bad... Wish they made the cod games like mw2 and bo1
Well, I downloaded the free to play version for the weekend. Loaded out my warfighter rig and sat in the lobby for 45 minutes selecting different types of match and hoping someone else would join the multi-player game.As of writing I have given up and am about to uninstall. The Free version does not let one try the campaign so I actually could not play a game that took 5 hours to download. I tried this game later in the day and there were a few players about. A grand total of about 10 of us. Bit of a shame there.
Every call of duty on pc will never be great as it on console. Please don't buy any on pc. If you're really interested in this game series, go get it on console. Any new cod game is already dead on pc on release night. It's. it worth buying at all. :(
no
Glad i never bought this pile of crap , crashes everytime it goes to load a level or you change any graphics option... my rig is well more than needed to run this game so its not my machine , 5960x 64gb ram , 2x gtx 1080s... dunno what the deal is but NEXT!!
Played it for a whopping 20 minutes, found a hacker, ungodly amounts of cpu stutter (running with a core i5-4590 @3.3ghz), and absolutely no personality to the game whatsoever. Have fun with your trash Activision.
Free weekend only lets you play multiplayer, no zombies or campain.  Last COD MP game is why I quit playing COD. Uninstalling.
Mad performance problems, nasty♥♥♥♥♥killstreaks and unfair matchmaking, putting 3 level 1 dudes versus 6 level 10+ dudes. During my playtime which consisted of TDM only, I've encountered:- 3 yelling kids- 1 hacker- several campers- countless free weekend users who complained about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is.kinda speaks for itself doesn't it.
Call of Duty: Shitfinite Warfare is such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, idk where to even say the♥♥♥♥♥♥starts.  From massive Stuttering, lag, lack of dedicated servers, to the horrible bugs, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing abortion. The game is like Black Ops 3, but it runs slightly better, but at the same time is so much buggier, Less fun, and just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell. HOW CAN YOU ♥♥♥♥ UP COPY AND PASTING?!?!?!?  All I can say is, Activision and Infinity Ward, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together or Call of Duty is dead. For now, RIP Call of Duty, 2003-2012.  Also, get the ♥♥♥♥ off the quake engine already.  It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥with your games, and while Infinite Warfare looks kind of like Battlefield 3 without a blue filter, it looks pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a game part of a multi million dollar franchise that is most of the time a best selling game.  It's 2017 for god's sake.
well, would be kind off fun if the game didnt think my drivers where out of date and if it was playable with a steam controller
Pros:-Looks Good-Nice Customization Cons:-Everything else you can think of
Free Weekend: The game struggles to find 6 players required for a Team Deathmatch.
I have 1 hour played on this game. I'm yet to play a game...
Time enjoyed is not time wasted. I did not enjoy this.
Woah. EA did a great job with this one, . This game is nothing like I was expecting, and believe me, .
suck balls thats all i have to say
Performance = THE WORST!!Infinite warfare, more like INFINITE FPS DROPS!The game keeps freezing in multiplayer, so you will constantly get killed by 12y'old tryhard Tmartn fansDon't buy this piece of sh!t
the free download dosent work for me it just sits at the loading screen
Why should you buy it?
Single player not included in the free weekend. Total waste of 40 GB's DL'd.
Even on a free weekend they can't get it right. I've tried a dozen times to get into MP which says "Update requires a restart." and then restarts, and nothing changes. "Update requires a restart." Way to go activision, you've finally killed your cash cow.
Okay, this is the first COD game I've played, and probably the last.1) In the "free weekend" you can only paly multi player.2) It crashed on me every time I opened up the settings.3) MP took forever to load (and didn't finish)P.S. It's not my internet's or pc's fault eitherI have an internet connection of roughly 60-70 mb/sMy pc's specsGPU: Geforce GTX970CPU: I7 4770KRAM:  16GB
*Sees it's a free weekend*  Oh ok, i'll check it out.*Takes 2 hours to download*Well, im sure it'll be good.*Only multiplayer is available for the trial**Joins match, repeatedly spawn killed*Well that was fun
Even though it was free when I played it, it froze every 10 seconds making it unplayable. Great game
you don't have to play this game long to find out how ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is. I got this for free and i still feel ripped off. You have to download 50 gb only for the online, total waste
I want my free back!
I was sceptic about this game and when the free weekend came, i downloaded it. Good thing it never even opened, but just showed a black screen. 0/10i will change this review if they decide to make the game work.Edit: After finally being able to play the game i found that there is no single player, no zombies and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ online which i didn't like...game is a terrible mess.3/10
worst CoD I have ever played and I played all of them..
while i spent more time thinking about what to write here... everyone else seems to have done it for me. I got this game for free and i feel scamed, i would rather rebuy no mans sky again thats how bad this game is
Infinite Warfare? More like Lobby Simulator 2016.
Worst COD ever! MW R its pretty good, this♥♥♥♥♥♥sucks!
Thank you for the free weekend, now i can try the game and have real reasons to dislike it. #makecodgreatagain
i downloaded free sesion and i dont enjoy this game so much. i understand why now a lot of people hate cod
yeah nah it's♥♥♥♥♥
Truly the  of pc ports.Crashes whenever I try to change any option or connect to a match.
It's still Call of Duty.Still an incredible resource hog, and I get lagspikes every time an enemy turns the corner, resulting in a prompt death. Ttk is still really fast, and jetpacks don't help. Played with an Nvidia 1070 on low settings.
just trying to join a multiplayer match doesnt work and the game has frozen and crashed 4 or 5 times cant even play a custom match just to try it it Wtf?!
The limited free version keeps crashing when you try to play online..
if the game doesn't sell and doesn't work this goes to show not even freeweekend can help this pos.at least the uninstall works.
For the one that likes to play 2 days free, save your 50gb of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's the worst game I ever played! Even BO3 is better with that jumping etc. So DON'T buy or play this game!
this game is trash , get BO3 or titenfall 2 they are much better i wont even touch this if it went F2P like Evolvepros:Error no match foundcons:the gameplay is crapgraphics look worst then BO3and MP is so dumb and boring
Free Weekend Impression:Coming from CSGO and R6 Siege I felt like the default sens was a little too high so I went to the settings to change it, no problem. However, it turrns out that you can only change your HIPFIRE sens, not ADS sens. So when I ADS I throw the aim all over the place. To clarify, ADS sens is LOCKED, no matter if you prefer it high or low you can not change it from default, only hipfire sens can be changed. Unacceptable for a PC FPS. Gameplay-wise it felt like just another CoD but the sens issue got in the way of my will to explore the game further. Do not recommend.
Normally, I don't write reviews on Steam, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥was too egregious to not...Even trying it for free is a waste of time downloading and installing. Ended up deleting it without even playing a single match or campaign.  Didn't waste any money, but wasted some time. GG.
I would only recommend this game to the clinically insane, the mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the hardcore CoD fanboy. If you are a rational, thinking human being do not purchase this♥♥♥♥♥♥show. It plays terribly, and on top of that no one is even playing it to begin with so good luck finding multiplayer matches!
Bad game, not recomend you to buy bad really bad :(I was testing 2days free
not worth
Can't play a single game..... Everytime I change settings it crashes. Find a lobby but then it never loads the map. Literally unplayable
DO NOT BUY!!!!THIS GAME IS CAPPED AT 91 FPS IN 2017!! WHAT IN THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥ ? even my old r9 390 could max out better lookig games at 144fps. i have a gtx 1080 and my fans dot spin when i play this game. initially i thought it was broken turns out gpu is at 20 percent usage and fps is capped to 91 . what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. activision milking out a game engine from 2005 in quake so now pc players have no reason to even buy their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game whenn it doesnt even perform better as its meant to be. RANT OVER . I TRIED THIS GAME FOR FREE AND REGRET TRYING IT, I WISH I SPENT THAT TIME PLAYING OVERWATCH INSTEAD!! DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP FROM ACTIVISION, SIDE NOTE DONT BUY ANY GAME FROM UBISOFT EITHER. ESPECIALLY GHOST RECON WILD LANDS
this game... omg, this game.... this game is SO SHITYYY!!!!look at bf1, why this game is so amazing ? why? both of them shooter, but why bf 1 is so good?
I'd play the game for more than a few minutes if it weren't so poorly optimized. Maybe it's because im on a 144hz monitor, but the input lag is immense. When I started up multiplayer, the audio track was a good 30 seconds ahead of the video. I can only imagine how bad the actual game was.I'm glad i never bought this, but I'm disappointed in myself in the fact that I took up 40 gb of my hard drive.
I need to change my name into less than 15 character to play online multiplayer.10/Infinite would play on free weekend again!
Maybe one days when it goes F2P I will play it again for another 16min.
crashes when you change a setting and doesnt load the map. great game, will buy season pass.
I cant even connect to one mach
Another CoD.
Silly demo
Waste of time - I couldn't even connect to any game servers in multiplayer.Yes the graphics are decent (I had to watch gameplay of this game), but the gameplay is not.I am not buying the full version because from the multiplayer it is extremely buggy and ♥♥♥♥ing terribleIt's like they are TRYING to kill Call of Duty. I don't know what they are thinking but activision has sure gone down far deep in terms of quality.I'm actually wasting my time writing this review but i want people to know that it is not worth the price.DO NOT BUY, It's like throwing money out the window.
Don't buy this game. Buy an earlier COD
Same game as every year since mw2 dont see why it gets so much hate now
Free weekend for call of duty? Sure ill bite why not. 40 gbs memory needed? well i guess, im pretty excited to see the zombies and if the campagin is any good. 3 hours ltaer, sorry you dont own this content cant play those things you wanted to play. Welp guess your gettin the ♥♥♥♥ off my comptuer
Im glad its free so I can write a negative review.
> Free weekend> Can't find a match> Crashes> Freezes PC
Children in Africa wouldn't even play this game.
I got this for freeI dont like it, its awful.I want a freefund!!!
Somehow even worse than Black Ops 3. Runs as well as a Down Syndrome with no legs. Avoid at all costs.
this game is absolute garbage.
Total garbage.
useless, cant change a setting without the game crashing :DDDDDD is this game developing in 2017? ♥♥♥♥in idiots waste of time and ssd space.
shocking
(Single player campaign review only)Ok, decided to buy CoD: Infinite Warfare in the end even though it wasn't exactly on sale but my expectations were low. I for one did like CoD: Ghosts and the addition of tanks and flying made the game more diverse, but all the flying in CoD: Infinite Warfare was boring and repetetive and I almost didn't do all side missions because of that. It felt like they were padding the campaign quite a lot with this, which was a shame...The "normal" part of the campaign with ground battles was ok-ish but it too got repetetive. Only a few unique missions were presented. I did like the characters though so thumbs up for a great job there!Sadly I have to give a thumbs down to this game - and this is only based on single player campaign because I'm not into multi-player with screaming kids... Not my thing at all.I hope the next instalment of Call of Duty goes back to the roots like Modern Warfare or similar because those are amongst the best games ever made!!!This game wasn't a total failure, not at all, but I felt it was too padded storywise and although polished, I had a few issues with getting the game running smoothly - and this many months after initial release. Should've been fixed long time ago i.e.If you get it for cheap on a sale then be all means, it's a few hours of story, but it's nowhere near Modern Warfare 1, 2 and 3.p.s I mainly bought this game to get the remastered Call of Duty: Modern Warfare like so many else... ;)
dont buy it lol, its not worth 60euros.
no zombies mode for free weekend? what gives?? how do you expect to draw people to the game when you take away the biggest reason to even play it on a free weekend? <^> activision.
THIS INTRO PLAYS EVERY DAMN TIME! AND I CANT CLICK ANYTHING WITHOUT A FRIEND TAKING MY HAND AND DOING EVERYTHING FOR ME. I KNOW I SUCK AT COD. BUT I DON'T SUCK AT CLICKING FIND MATCH.This game is buggy and laggy. And at times I wonder if the Q A team, was just a bunch of gerbals running around on controllers. This is clearly not made for PC. And even though it's a free weekend. I still want my money back.
Theres one word that describes this game best in my opinion. "Cancer" and you may find that a bit harsh, but I saw indigames from 2010 that did a better job at graphics, compatibility and network infrastructure. I just played this game less than five minutes but that alone gave me a brain tumor. And you may ask why I find this game so bad and I will tell you in the following - How I started the game: the first thing that I saw after skipping the into splash screens was a little window that showed me that the game has to preload shaders. That process alone took 8 minutes and since the graphics in this game are so bad and Ive never seen anything like that in other games I quite frankly do not understand why this game lets me wait 8 minutes to play. After that I had to retart the game again after clicking the Multiplayer button. Fair enough... As I was finally able to go to the graphic settings I found myself at he maximum texture quality and found the game ugly as ♥♥♥♥. And as I tried to set my resolution to the native resolution of my monitor suddenly that wouldnt work. I coundnt even get the game to go in fullscreen so I started playing with borderless Window. Alright I thought and wanted to play my first multiplayer match. I was hindered by a badly rendered "cinematic" limited to 30 fps which I at least was able to skip. As I then tried to search for a match I couldnt find one because "You lost connection to the host". Always nice to have P2P servers which brought me to uninstalling the game after the same message popped up after my second attempt to search a match. In conclusion: This game is a nightmare and not worth even near 30 $. Just attempting to play ruined my whole day and I hope I could convince some interested buyers not to buy this crap. Sincerelly yours, Splash  -- PS.: I did not buy the game, I tried it out during the free weekend at 24. Feb. 2017
Disgusting, anti-consumer product, designed to milk money.
is this a joke?
Lmfao yeah no. This is awful. Downloading was a waste of time. I thought "Hey might as well try it out." Now I remember why I haven't played COD in years.
Fastest Uninstall I've ever done. Install 50gb "free weekend" to find out you cant actually play the game. Terribly optimized with crashes everywhere. Just release MW2 Remaster Standalone and give up on this garbage. I was expecting it to be awful but this far exceeded my expectations. Great Job IW. Ubisoft called, they want to join forces.
lol
Can't even join a match online or custom game, pointless to promote a free weekend when it doesn't work!
♥♥♥♥ YOU ACTIVISION
♥♥♥♥ed up game. ♥♥♥♥ed up franchise. Everything is ♥♥♥♥ed up. Aaaand startup problem... cant run the game. What a waste of time for downloading it...
The first time I launched the game it was windowed by default. I changed the option to fullscreen and then lost control of the application and my mouse wouldn't move. I alt-tabbed and everything else wasn't locked. I then came back to the game and it was still in the same state. I ended the process and tried it again. The second time I made it a tad farther before my entire screen went black and control-alt-delete and alt-tab no longer worked. It crashed my entire system. Trust me, it's not my hardware. i have a 1080, 16 gigs of ram, and a hybrid drive. I don't have problems this brutal ever.Even if I could play the game, it's peppered with microtransactions that are pay-to-win. I don't know what it will take for Activision to understand that they're losing business and creating a playerbase that's dead on arrival but maybe these reviews will help them test their game and not put one out every year.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is by far the worst Call of Duty game in its franchise. This game is not worth the purchase oni any gaming platform what so ever. I am warnuing you, a fellow gamer that has already purchased the game on PS4 for $120, to stay away frum that Add to Cart button on PC so you don't make the mistakes i have made.
Not interested at all, if you're going to make us download a 40 GB file just to block us out from playing anything but the multiplayer, NOT EVEN A SETTINGS MENU, you're sadly mistaken that I'd buy it. Now I know why your game is flopping so badly.
Played it on a free weekend, such a waste of my HDD's storage.
You are not a owner of this game? Shoot, can't play at all. Waste of my time to download this.
despite the ongoing need for COD to go back to its roots, I have actually enjoyed this and BO3 when playing on Xbox, So i thought id give it a try on PC as there have been some good deals on this for pc lately... It would be nice if the game actually worked to be able to try it out... Spent half hour loading-freezing-loading-crashing-repeat until I gave up and uninstalled. Ill be keeping my money then, brilliant.
Not even worth the space it takes from ur hard disk.
Only a brief time spent with this game because I could not take anymore.  Everything this game tries to achieve has been done better by other games (Titanfall, Battlefield etc).
Its really bad
JUST DON'T ...NO
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing freezes
I had wanted this but all the negative reviews has put me off.  At least at 59. So it says 50% off and free play this weekend. I figure "GIVE IT A TRY" likely I'll buy.So I go to play and first off it says "no campaign" !!!  I don't like multiplayer games much (except for MWO) andI wanted to see how the game would play (like the reviews or enjoyable?).  Well not possible. So It says reboot since I could only select multiplayer... (reboot due to update it says) so I load it again. Go through the BS..  I find a match.  It counts down and says "server lost" as it goes to enter the match.   (I have fast cable, I never loose connection and I play Mech Warrior online for years without a hiccup.SORRY ACTIVISION you loose.  I bought titanfall 2 because of campaign (I never bought Titanfall 1) I have to say the demo videos look outstanding. HOWEVER so many negative reviews and now I can't even play it and the lead in video the voice was way out of sync with his mouth and movements. = (     I'll pass. Maybe I'll try again at 90% off.With this many negative reviews I'll only buy it I can demo the campaign play.  MAYBE? I should buy and try campaign for a hour and refund if not any good?  I hate bothering steam for refunds though. In the 90's I was a Activison beta tester. We didn't have negative games back then. Heavy Gear and Mech Warrior 2 and Battle zone 2 were well received.  Seems no one was testing this game before release.  Still I'd like to demo it?
Free Weekend.No Campian, just MPMP sucks really hard.Servers and stuff are♥♥♥♥♥♥====================0% Fun
Come on, tell me you didn't plan for this.
lmao ''Free weekend'' all lies. dont even bother downloading. wasted 2 hours waiting for it to download to just do Multiplayer.
this is the worst game of the history of call of duty.
It says free weekend play on steam, but the campaign not available.The game stuck twice in the main menu. (i5 6600, gtx 970).
hwere iz the uninstall buutun :steamfacepalm:
spawn, die in less than 6 seconds, spawn, die in less than 6,3 seconds. quit, delete and play csgo.
Game Slag.Battlefield better.The multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥The modes are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I like Call Of Duty series but this game is just crap.Even Connor McGregor will not save her.
I just downloaded 50gb of a Free Trial that has locked content unless you own the game. The only impressive thing so far was how fast my new GB connection downloaded it in. Please note, I haven't bought a single COD game since World At War. I seen the others and they were total turn offs for me. I miss COD4 MW. I can't play it any more because Win 7 is not supported. I really want to play the Remastered version but I will not pay for this game just to get it. I never even got to play because after sitting for 5 minutes in the lobby finding a game I was like... Noooouuupppe! When ever I get a game I always like to play the Single Player first so I can get a feel for the game. Maybe they should have unlocked this and let you play a few levels. This way I could at least get a sense of the game play. Also don't think this is coming from some BF fan boi. I quit buying their games after Bad Company 2.  Both franchises have lost their way with micro transactions and DLC you have to pay for. They should be perks for buying an over priced and usually unfinished game. I will stick to Insurgency, Planetside 2, CS:GO, Urban Terror and a few other games I play. It is quite clear the only thing these companies care about is squeezing out ever last dollar from you they can. I would rather pay more for a complete game with all the extras included than to have to buy this and buy that and OH look we just made this but it is 30 bucks to play the add on. Money and a fool will soon depart.... well momma didn't raise no fool. Crazy maybe and even a bit insane. Yet not stupid enough to give this game nothing more than my middle finger. Sad I gave this game such a bad review and I didn't even play it. I think my review is more about my disgust of the new business model most software companies have adopted. Maybe it is because I am an old skool foggie that is still looking for that magical game like those from the late 90's and early 2000's. The days of games and mods like Desert Combat are gone. It could just be me reluctant to change or adapt to the new ways. After talking to guys much younger than me that hear about how games use to be. I don't think I am alone. They feel like they missed out on the golden years of gaming at least on the PC side.
This game is an utter DISGRACE. I miss when Mark Hammil wrote good books. Bad move Valve.
i cant even play a free game wtf this is bad
Now what can i say. for starters i havent been able to even start a match i have opened the ports i have even tried DMZ nothing seems to allow me to connect to a match. that should be all you need to not blow your 60€ on this "game".but if you want more the game is literally a BETA product its comparable to early access titles the one and only reason to buy this "game" is MW remaster but that is hardly enough content to varant 60€ atleast not by todays standards. accept it CoD is dying a really drawn out and gruesome death its butcheredalso there is a really simple fix for the host disconnects and so on theyre called dedicated servers.please dont waste your money.
Fast paced multiplayer. Laggy with everything in low or off. Meh.
What utter, trash.Can not change a single setting for graphics/display or else the game will freeze. Can not play multiplayer, as it will crash trying to load the level (by and far not the only one experienceing this)Wish I could comment on gameplay, but the game doesn't seem to want to let me play it. I bought Black Ops III when that came out. That too had NUMEROUS problems that persist to this day. Now this? I will never look at another activision product again.
I made a little events summary and I'm gonna share it with you guysNote that I'm using the free 2-days trial, not the full game.-Crashed the first two times I launched it-"Preloading Shaders" forever-Turns out it was not forever because it crashed on my face again-Managed to make it work by skipping the shaders preloadYay finally into the game, it might be just bad luck, I'm still openminded about this... maybe most people are wrong?-I can't play campaign mode cause I haven't bought the game-I can't play zombie mode cause I haven't bought the game-Holy forbidden words there's a darn "Store" buttonWell at least I can try multiplayer?-Clicked on multiplayer: Game must restartOh, okay-Clicked on "ok", game froze.-Pull out ace card TASK MANAGER for the 4th time-Relaunch game-Multiplayer, starts downloading a patch for the game I just finished downloading form steam-Game asks me to restart again... guess what's next-Ace card -Multiplayer-I selected my armor-thing, played around with classes a bit, and decided to search for a free for all game-5 minutes later: Found a single player-Game crashedEver in my life I gave a game a 0/10 without even playing it.
It's a shady practice to force you to buy Crapfinite Warfare WITH Modern Warfare Remastered (probably one of the last few CoDs that were halfway decent before it turned into a cookie cutter clone same thing as the year before annualized franchise). I tried to give the Infinite Warfare single player campaign a chance but just like previous CoDs, it was repetitive, boring, bland and was way too predictable. It also didn't do me any justice to hop on IW's multiplayer after playing a lot of Titanfall 2. Compared to Titanfall 2, this game is slow paced. Almost like a Battlefield game. As for Modern Warfare remastered, it's pretty sad that the non-remastered version seems to be more polished and optimized than the remastered version. Granted, it looks great, but after you beat the single player campaign (which was awesome by the way), you're kinda stuck with the multiplayer. I'm a Battlefield player and there are already maps in BF1 where they have catered to the CoD crowd. I've never been a fan of twitch shooters but if I had to pick one, it would be this one.Overall, the MW remaster gets an 8/10 while IW gets 3/10 while Activision gets 0/10 for its shady approach to make you have to buy Infinite Warfare just to get to the MW remaster. So shady and greedy. Good gawd.
Played half of a bot match. FPS was anywhere between 2 and 70 frames.... I'm going back to Titanfall 2
Worst COD everi want my two hours back it was the worst two hours of my life Free weekend more like we need more people playing this weekend i had server regetions, instabilty, not enough low level players to start and enjoy the game as not played this before the free weekend
So♥♥♥♥♥
CALL of ♥♥♥♥♥♥YINFINITE AIDSFEARfree weekend only for multiplayer
Not FUN
got the game for 10 minutes ....it did not let me play it until i change my name ...5 minutes later i need to deactivate my antivirus to enter a game ....enter the game of free for all  someone has aim can;t play for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.....i will recommend this game for my enemies
sucks
This game runs great visually, but after waiting 20+ minutes for a lobby to have 6 people to start a game I realized quickly that I will never spend a penny for this. Out of a (laggy) 6 player lobby, one player was max prestige/level and the rest were level one. Great matchmaking! Save the HDD space for a better (or literally any other) game.
It's just really, really bad.
10/10 uninstall button works
just -1 out of 10♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
The only thing this game does is crashing
I have a GTX 1070 and if I run this game at recommended settings (which is basically everything maxed out), I get constant framedrops below 10 FPS. Constant as in every other second. If I put all settings to very low, I get 92 FPS. And not a single frame per second more than that. I mean, at least it's kinda smooth this way, but I really doubt that a 2016 game should be so awfully optimized...other than that, I noticed that some sounds were 100% just copy/pasted into this from older Infinity Ward CoDs, some animations are pretty stuttery and bad and the overall gameplay is the same exact thing as every year. Feels like a DLC for Black Ops 3, except this is even worse. Do not buy this unless you're into framerate and ping issues. Free weekends are fantastic opportunities to take the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of games like this.Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare?More like Call of Disappointment: Infinite Garbage.
Not worth it + it's locked at 90 fps. WTF it's a first person shooter and a lot of people use 120 or 144Hz monitors. Like how hard is it to unlock the fps? Same game as the previous CODs so if you have any previous game just play that and don't bother paying another 60 euros
dont open games
Plays and looks like a free to play FPS from a no name company in the early 2000s
This game is garbage, PLS DO NOT BUY THIS GAME PPL PLS PLS PLS AND PLS CLAIM YOUR MONEY BACK FAST AS POSSIBLE TIP OF THE DAY: sue the company
0/10  Flying ppls shooting Lead...
Wait, is this even a game?
Downloading the game was more fun than playing.
piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥full of bags
free weekend... sure to have it downloaded and to make it think it will let you play. 9 hours of trying to find a server and no body is playing. 1 match and as soon as we enter a match the connection ♥♥♥♥♥ out and everyone kets kicked... terrible....
♥♥♥♥♥game. The menu's are awful, the chirpy sound effects are even more terrible, it takes ages to get into a lobby and the create a class is just bad. The maps are fair, not too great, not too bad. Unfortunately it is not boots on the ground so this game sucked from the beginning.
I just "tried" out the free weekend deal and guess what? I couldn't play the game. I had fps drops every second in the menu and it crashed after a minute of opening the game. The "safe mode" is even worse than the default mode. I can't even reach the video options bc it freezes before I get there.So with all sincerity, this pitiful excuse of a "game" is a unplayable, un-optimized, crashing, recycled to the depths of hell, overrated fked up piece of trash! I can't believe people are actually paying for this crap.
I just "tried" out the free weekend deal and guess what? I couldn't play the game. I had fps drops every second in the menu and it crashed after a minute of opening the game. The "safe mode" is even worse than the default mode. I can't even reach the video options bc it freezes before I get there.So with all sincerity, this pitiful excuse of a "game" is a unplayable, un-optimized, crashing, recycled to the depths of hell, overrated fked up piece of trash! I can't believe people are actually paying for this crap.
i reccomend this on xbox one and ps4 but on pc it tskes up so much storage and ram to where i cant even play it im luky its just the free weekend and also its say that i dint have the game to be able to play IW
just about the ♥♥♥♥♥est game ever, don't know what to say except that pizzagate is real
don't even think about it!
free for 2 days???? evrything lock so what is the point for releasing 2days for free??
Sic transit gloria mundi
omg this is the worst game everholy ♥♥♥♥get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and do a cod 1 or 2 remake
Meh
not worth buying cod has def moved to a console base game dont waste your money this franchise would have made a killing just on the remastered modern warfare alone if they sold it seperatley
*PRE-LOADING SHADERS, PLEASE WAIT**AN UPDATE MUST RESTART THE GAME**PLEASE RESTART THE GAME TO APPLY GRAPHICS CHANGES**YOU DO NOT OWN THIS CONTENT. PLEASE PURCHASE IT FROM THE STEAM STORE**MULTIPLAYER, PLEASE SELECT YOUR WALLRUNNING ASSHAT "WAR RIG"**DIRECTX HAS ENCOUNTERED AN UNRECOVERABLE ERROR. PLEASE CLOSE APPLICATION.*
PLS DONT BUY THIS GAME! Call Of Duty *Cancer* Warfare.
prolonged exposure to this game may lead to brain cancer and other diseases, stay away.
-played BO3 and IW on console and it's literally the same thing as BO3 but different characters. -People saw space exploration and got mad.-They've done Boots on the ground and tried something new since people kept begging them to-Peopleâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥themselves and complained again yet they still buy it because they're missing some brain cells.Overall its a boring game and thats what makes it bad. Not space, not lasers, and not robots.
Holyâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥this game is â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing awful... what a waste of time downloading 50gb for the free weekend â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t
Well would you look at that today, cod iw goes 50% off only 4 months after release WOW. and i have to pay full price for this pile ofâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
expensive price
THe game is a pure crap. I wonder how come this can be viewed on the same level as battlefield series? Also I can't understand those who can â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ buy this game on its price. Thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥is even not worth for 5 euros.
I overpaid
It's free for the weekend, which seems to be the right price.
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
The amount of rip off of titanfall and the fact these get worse every year i wouldnt recommend this â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ of â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ for free! Hell they should pay me for playing this garbage!
Free weekend more likeâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥weekend
FIX URâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥GAME B4 U OD A FREE WEEKEND I CANT EVEN PLAY THE DAMN GAME IT JUST FREEZES AFTER EXACLY 1 MINS IN THE MENUE AND NOTHING HEPPENDS AFTER IT
Its definitely strayed far enough from that classic CoD "arcade shoot em'up" style to say: This isn't Call of Duty anymore.I'll start with the pros:That's all I can think of for the pros...Onto the consThat about wraps it up, I definitely would not bother trying this game out if you're expecting anything less than small maps Titanfall 2. Makes me geniunely sad to see one of the franchises that was such a huge part of my childhood and a lot of other peoples childhood basically die. I doubt that this game would have sold if it didn't come with the promise of the Modern Warfare Remaster. Activision/IW/Treyarch need to sort their act out and really nail down a 'classic CoD' game if they expect the franchise to reach it's 15th anniversary with a stable player base.
tried it, first 5 minutes nothing but lag on a 200 mbs down 10 mbs up connection :l fps rate was horrible on a radeon r7 graphics card... 3.5 ghz proccessor.... just horrible game play, lay out and overal functionality. would never buy it and will not recommend this game! just terrible i pety cod for making this crap. it's a rip off of advanced warfare....
Free weekend. except for campaign maybe other stuff also
This is garbage. Anyone who plays this deserves to end their miserable existences. I'm sorry it had to end up this way, you poor creature.
This is garbage. Anyone who plays this deserves to end their miserable existences. I'm sorry it had to end up this way, you poor creature.
no one playing online!
Litteraly nothing changed from 3 years ago
Review updated (4.03.2017)The worst part of the Call of Duty series. Here are a few reasons:1. Bad optimization.2. Problems with servers. I can`t start any match. Always problems.3. Boring zombie mode. 1 map. Nice. Thanks.4. Problems with sound in cutscene.But here's the beautiful graphics, but it not changed since black ops 2. About the story I can`t say, as it is banal, and I didn't pass it through. I hope I get my money back.
A step backwards in funcionality compared to Black Ops 3. Still no emblem editor three months after launch? No lobby chat? There's none of the fancy features from Black Ops 3.It's still hard to find a game even on a free weekend. Nobody will probably be playing after the free weekend either.The gameplay is basically the same as Black ops 3 but with a few new gadgets and gimmicks.
I've played every Call of Duty since The Big Red One and as far as multiplayer goes, this is probably the worst. There are so many things broken that I can't list them all, and it makes the game suck. I'm only speaking for the multiplayer portion of the game. Looking forward to the next COD where it's supposed to be tradtionally styled. High hopes for revival of Call of Duty.
GOTY
♥♥♥♥♥game, capped fps, low fov, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ wasn't going to buy. I had to make sure it wasn't as bad as everyone says it was. Well it was worse!
Played during the free weekend, first match had 2 hackers. When I asked one why he was hacking he told me he wants to have fun while he can because after the free weekend he won't be able to find matches again.
This game suck
I played this game during the free weekends or wehat ever, i want money back for time wasted. I played ONE multiplayer match and its complete garbage.ONLY reason this game made ANY sales is because of the remaster. trust me DO NOT BUY IT!!!!!!
Oh it's bad. It's REALLY bad. I've played free Call of Duty clones, that were ridiculously better than this. There is nothing new, or unique. It feels stiff, cold, and lifeless as Call of Duty has ever been. This game does not belong on PC either. It is an embarassment to the gaming comunity. Do not waste $60 on this.
I really wished that this game would turn out to be great, but just like its game trailer, it was a complete failure. Wish I could have my 14 minutes and $0.00 back. Please just spend your money on CS:GO.
Very Bad When Ever you go to play Multipayer it says (Unable to Connect To Online Services)
INITIAL LOADING OF MULTIPLAYER TAKES FOREVER
For ♥♥♥♥ sake...take this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥off the steam store. It is ♥♥♥♥ing buggy as hell and crashes everytime i change a value in the options. There is also no one playing this game online....what a waste of time to download 40gb worth of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
Tried it on free weekend, could hardly even play.Rubberbanding like crazy, people leaving matches with no way to balance teams.Cutscenes had choppy sound and frames, but that might just be my drivers a little out date.
spent 10 mins waiting for match to load. eventually "lost connection".decided to play campaign. wont let me load campaign.went back to multiplayer. spent 5 minutes loading yet another match. game crashed.went on this to review.uninstalled.get your♥♥♥♥♥♥straight cod.thank god this free weekend came. because otherwise, you may have stolen my money for a game that doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing run.i typically post ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and trolly reviews, but this is just ♥♥♥♥ing dumb.
If you want to play this game because of its dynamic movement system, fast-pace, and casual gameplay, then go play Titanfall 2. Less content? sure. But its better content and free DLC. Plus better netcode, balance, and game mechanics in general. If you want to play this game for any other reason... why?
If you want to play call of duty and want a good experience this is not the game for you. BO3 is better than this garbage. MP is locked to 90 fps and drops frames anytime near an enemy.Specs:i5 6600k @ 4.5 GHzGTX 107016Gb RAMWindows 10 pro
bad graphics, bad gameplay, bad player, get battlefield one instead.
Total trash. Game is broken and cannot start single player, zombies, or multiplayer.
Played 2 matches figured out your name can't have 15 characters or more or you get kicked, there's a 90 fps cap, everything is dead even during free weekend, horrible hit detection, and the gameplay is worse than Black ops 3. Even with a lowered price the game isn't worth the money. Worst part about Infinite Warfare is the fact that they hold Modern Warfare Remastered hostage with the more expensive version of the game. Modern Warfare Remastered is the only reason to consider this game and even then Activision figured out a way to ♥♥♥♥ a great classic game with supply drops and new weapons. I might consider getting MW"R" if it was sold separately but infinite warfare is garabage. Also worth mentioning is that Activision won't support cross play with windows store users, which is more of a RIP for Windows store users but still pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
GET A  free to play weekend ~wow~but WTF is thAT?@! "lost connection to host"????
Basically, been here done that. You could even call it Black Ops 2 Remastered Edition.
Free weekend the game crashes on settings change
It was a struggle playing two matches DO NOT BUY THIS WITHOUT HAVING STEAM  REFUNDS ON READY! imho not worth your money or time Dont beleive me try the free weekend it stinks
Campaign is OKMultiplayer is trashZombies is trashI regret my purchase.
This game is horrible, hurts my eyes in 4k ultra, movement makes me want to throw up, and instant death removes all challenge.
They should just move this to an F2P model. The game wont enter Fullscreen, and this free for the weekend crap seems to only be for the campaign, what a bummer. This game also like to play "Drop the framerate when doing nothing at all" overall, ignoring that the game runs fine, this game sold horribly. F2P is what will save COD and this game if they dont go back to their roots.
Would have been nice to know it was multiplayer only free weekend ... before dowloading, don't make my mistake
i can't play zombies because i don't own it. I thought this was for me to try the game and its free weekend
I gave it a try during a free weekend event, but wow, how deep this series has fallen.This game is not even 10% as good as Titanfall 2 which is an excellent alternative.
free to play games are beter. game suckssssss
so bad, in 80 minutes of gameplay about 30 of which was me just figuring out why i couldnt connect to any servers. (it turned out that you cant have a username of more than 15 characters which they do not tell you) i've experienced bugs (textures becoming blurry and low res on ultra quality which i have not found a fix for), ive experienced crashes, ive already experienced some of the most toxic people ever and to top it all off i get matched with extremely unbalanced teams of level ones vs level 50-60s. so glad i dont have to pay for it.
free weekend only includes mp that has so much random stuff on the the hud... swear I saw my email on there too! Luckily it uninstalls faster than the installation
Garbage. Only MP content available in the free weekend.  Doesn't tell you that anywhere in here.  Doesn't offer COD4 Remastered.  No value whatsoever, in the demo or this game, period.
I can't get over 25 fps on low settings with a gtx 1060 6gb
Horrible â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing game. Matches keep d/cing me 15 times out of 10
ğŸ‘�ğŸ�»
They don't even have the servers to support a free weekend.
I have played a LOT of Call of Duty in my life, but HOLYâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ THIS WAS SO BAD
The controls feel to soft, and the game has constant connection issues. I had to change my name to under 14 characters just to play. I was planing on buying this game since its on sale, and I heard the zombies is pretty good, but now HELL NO (Played during a free weekend)
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ GAME EVEM DONT WORK AND WHY THE â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ AM I LOSING HOST IN â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ CUSTOM GAME FOR â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ SACKUSELY GAME JUST BORING OR GOOD BUT THIS GAME MAKE ME WANT TO KIILLLL THE GAME DEV
I installed this game on a free weekend, so no campaign or zombies.My deathmatch experience:1) Joined queue2) Waited 5 minutes for matchmaking3) Matched with four others trying the free weekend against a team of level 30+4) Flailed around trying to figure out mechanics because there's no way to practice5) Slaughtered by enemy teamI switched to domination and changed to a shotgun.I matched immediately to a game in progress with better balanced teams, but all I had to do is click repeatedly in the general direction of the enemy team to kill them.The maps look good, but I can't recommend this game.
Waiting For 4 More Players...Disconnected from game...
Quite possibly the greatest titanfall simulator ever, BUT WITH SPACEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Literally cant even play the game. Absolute trash
Garbage game from a garbage company.  Why'd I waste my bandwidth on this?
Bad.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Franchise gone down the drain. id give it a -10 out of 10.
Played the free trial for almost 20 minutes. I couldnt find a lobby and when I did find a joinable lobby, the game crashed. Great game
Okay so I've only played the multiplayer because of the free weekend I have to admit I thought I would have more fun. Call of Duty to me used to be staying over a friends house overnight and having fun while playing splitscreen but it seems like the developers thought we would buy the game just because it has the call of duty name on it but thats not the case. This game seems like its made for kids it doesn't feel like call of duty. I dont normally not like a game I'm usually more open to new ideas and see the good in things but theres a lot of problems that I noticed while playing this game. 1.) framerate drop for no reason     for some reason on ultra settings with everything turned all the way up I get a better framerate than I did in black ops 3 (and to be honest black ops 3 looked better) 2.) Mouse lag     The mouse input lag is a huge problem especially for a competetive gamer it feels extremely late with the input3.) balance      I understand skill is a factor but it seems like people are only using two or three weapons (could be because of the free weekend)I've only played about a half an hour remember but I'm not just writing a negative review because I want to be cool by riding the hate train I'm writing this review because it does not feel like call of duty this isnt what i remember call of duty by
this isn't even cancers final form
After I was able to get this game started on my new pc I found the game to be great exscept for one issue.. NOT ENOUGH KIDS TO SCAM -10/10 IGN TOO MUCH ♥♥♥♥ING WATER.
I've tried ten times now to connect to a multiplayer match. None of them have gotten past the roster screen. What the hell is the point of paying $60 for a game that's dead outside of free weekends, and refuses to be played during them?
So its 3 hours into the free weekend, I though this game was a 'bad' game on console (where I moslty play COD) but on PC? This is the biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever played and completly ruined Treyarch attempt at making PC cods good again (Black Ops 3)
I downloaded this, took me about 2 hours. 2 hours of waiting and watching youtube I get on a game thinking "well this game may not be as bad as they say"1st game i join is filled with sweaty a$$ kids that probably sold poptarts at school just to get enough cash to buy thisand they think "oh today im going to be an as$w1pe because i have no school today!!If you are considering to download this bu11cr4p. Don't waste your time on this, It's not worth it.-------------------------Zombies is kinda fun tho. Enjoyed it alot!
hahahahha omfg this game is sooooo bad. im glad i got to play it during a free weekend for some good laughs. embarassing game
I get auto disconected as soon as I join any match. Waist of bandwith and data, stay away.
Call of Duty Infinite Welfare
Runs Good, not a great game, but fun for a bit.Update: Lag compensation is terrible!Update 2: ran into 2 aimbotters. GG
boring, stutters a lot, dead community. save your money. not worth it
Very bad port. At some points I was down to 6 FPS on 1070 and i5 4590k. I run CS GO at 300+.
First things first I'm a big COD fan, and its always been my preferred shooter since MW1.Game starts up with some Army guy giving me some kind of story or something in a cut-scene, I couldn't pay attention because the audio was lagging about 2 seconds behind his lips like a bad Chinese kung fu movie and I was getting periodic flickering and stuttering on screen.Multiplayer:Game 1 - look for a match of Dominion my favorite game mode. Wait in lobby for over 10 minutes and there is still only 1 other person in there.Game 2 - look for the more presumably more popular TDM mode, game still takes awhile to form but it more or less went off without a hitch, but I was taken aback by how plain and ugly the maps were. They were clearly made functional and then were given no further polish. I was looking though the menus for a separate ADS sensitivity slider and never found it, the game either doesn't have the functionality or its just hidden away somewhere poorly designed.Game 3 - Formed, then the lobby crashed.Game 4 - Formed, then the lobby crashed.Game 5 - Was put into a 1v5 game where I was mercilessly camped. I noticed on my first spawn that the enemy player was able to spawn more or less directly behind me and in line of sight. After 10 years COD still has some of the worst spawn points. Still looking for ADS slider.Game 6 - Was put into a 5v1 where we mercilessly camped the other team. It was at this point I fully took in how ugly the game and levels are, and noticed I was starting to get a severe headache from the extreme screen bob as you plod around the map. Gave up trying to find ADS slider.I had heard bad things about Infinite Warfare and it certainly lived up to the hype. I seriously wouldn't play this game if it was given to me for free - and the fact they have the audacity to charge $100 for the MW1 Remastered edition plus include micro transactions is mind blowing.If you want a futuristic FPS play the infinitely better Titanfall 2 or even the very excellent and free to play Blacklight Retribution.0/10 hot steamy garbage and forever tainting COD's reputation.
First things first I'm a big COD fan, and its always been my preferred shooter since MW1.Game starts up with some Army guy giving me some kind of story or something in a cut-scene, I couldn't pay attention because the audio was lagging about 2 seconds behind his lips like a bad Chinese kung fu movie and I was getting periodic flickering and stuttering on screen.Multiplayer:Game 1 - look for a match of Dominion my favorite game mode. Wait in lobby for over 10 minutes and there is still only 1 other person in there.Game 2 - look for the more presumably more popular TDM mode, game still takes awhile to form but it more or less went off without a hitch, but I was taken aback by how plain and ugly the maps were. They were clearly made functional and then were given no further polish. I was looking though the menus for a separate ADS sensitivity slider and never found it, the game either doesn't have the functionality or its just hidden away somewhere poorly designed.Game 3 - Formed, then the lobby crashed.Game 4 - Formed, then the lobby crashed.Game 5 - Was put into a 1v5 game where I was mercilessly camped. I noticed on my first spawn that the enemy player was able to spawn more or less directly behind me and in line of sight. After 10 years COD still has some of the worst spawn points. Still looking for ADS slider.Game 6 - Was put into a 5v1 where we mercilessly camped the other team. It was at this point I fully took in how ugly the game and levels are, and noticed I was starting to get a severe headache from the extreme screen bob as you plod around the map. Gave up trying to find ADS slider.I had heard bad things about Infinite Warfare and it certainly lived up to the hype. I seriously wouldn't play this game if it was given to me for free - and the fact they have the audacity to charge $100 for the MW1 Remastered edition plus include micro transactions is mind blowing.If you want a futuristic FPS play the infinitely better Titanfall 2 or even the very excellent and free to play Blacklight Retribution.0/10 hot steamy garbage and forever tainting COD's reputation.
I wish there was a meh rating not a good or bad. Zombies is alright, no treyarch. Thats all I'm good at.
its just a reskin of advanced and bo3 should
Terrible game dont buy. Zombies are sub par to tryarch's offering, multiplayer is bad and riddled with micro transactions and the campaign is only alright.
Not even fun as a joke
crashing, â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ mouse. Don't even download.
Tried this game on the free weekend. I do not recommend this game to anyone. Just waiting for MWR to be sold sepratley.
Movement feels clunky.  Everyone has insta-kill, one-shot weapons, on STANDARD - not even hardcore.  The lag from the non-dedicated server clearly show you hit someone, until you die, and then killcam shows you never even turned and fired at the enemy.  Netcode can't compensate. For a company that made so much money and NOT give dedicated servicers is a slap in your face.  If you don't host the server you will likely lose.  Everyone is just camping corners, so you should too, thats the game. There is no depth to the graphics, so everything near and far looks two dimensional, instead of three dimensional like in other shooters.  It's like paper cut-outs are trying to kill you.   Too much jumpy-jumpy rocket man jet packs.  Too many gotcha-holes in the floor where you fall and die for no good reason making this worse than Titanfall 2.  This is not at all fun.
Literally all that it says when i try to start or join a match is that it lost connection to the host. Horrible
What a heap of garbage and a waste of time downloading. Thankfully it was free weekend but still.I got on the game, tweaked my settings and went into a private match with a few bots to test. First thing I notice is my controls are either delayed or don't work at all. Turns out Arrow keys are bugged and there's no fix after all this time. And from that I already made my decision to not buy this trash PC port. IW can't even make functioning controls anymore, it's kinda sad really. From what I've seen the game is pretty dead, I got 2 games of TDM but playing was really hard due to the bugged controls.So I can't really comment much on the gameplay since playing was hindered by controls. Thanks IW, go â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ yourselves.CoD on PC is dead. Go buy the original CoD 4 or World at War if you want good PC CoDs.
So its a free weekend, but you can only play one mode... smooth.
tried playing for like 10 minutes and couldnt get anything working. no one else to get matched with. And when I did finally find a match, the game crashed. Happy I didnt spend even a penny for this garbage!
it is just simply cancerous, people who play it and the game itself. :)
garbage
Can't seem too join any online games..  campaign is locked out.I'm glad I didn't buy this game.... 20mins trying to find a multiplayer and still in queue..Create Ur ownserver if you want to see what ingame map feels like..Is slow paced... I rather play dirtybomb f2p it rocks and most importantly they make it easy to find current games.. ingame menu sucks find a match has to many different options to find a server but no server browser that I can find...Anyways uninstalling thanks steam for trial
kill me, kill me now
I have bought every copies of COD from COD 1 in CD format , to COD BO3 in steam , I can tell you one thing , not to buy Ininite warfare at any time , I played the multiplayer part of the game not the single campaign . Gameplay experience is the worst in the series , you still get the winner circle stuff like BO3 but feel less impessive , you still get the q key for class super weapon like BO3 but feel pale compare to BO3 , and the whole class selection is not better but worser than BO3 .Even the COD ghost has the most interesting Extinction mode which is much fun and unique to play , sad to say infinite warfare has another boring zombie mode with nothing knock your socks off stuff. If you bought infinite warfare and feel good then I can only say you are the evil source for bad game .100% not to buy this game .
That is the most horse♥♥♥♥♥♥terrible things I have ever seen in my life. It's like you had the guys from blizzard take time off from making a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wow expansion to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ call of duty. holy ♥♥♥♥ my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would't take this♥♥♥♥♥♥if you paid me.
This game is absolute garbage. I cant believe that call of duty was a great series (MW2,MW1,etc) and now is pure ♥♥♥♥. I downloaded this game as a trial for free and i feel robbed LOL
THIS IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME. ON A WEEKEND THAT ITS FREE, YOU DONT EVEN GET TO PLAY THE FULL GOD DAMN GAME!AND IF YOUR LUCKY LIKE ME, WHEN A GAME OF TEAM DEATHMATCH STARTS, IT ♥♥♥♥ING DISCONNECTS YOU FOR NO ♥♥♥♥ING REASON. All in all i give this game a 10/10 and would recomend it to all of my friends. HA, NOT THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST CALL OF DUTY EVER AND SHOULD BE TAKEN DOWN FOR IT BEING SO UNFRIENDLY TO THE CONSUMER. ♥♥♥♥ YOU INFINITY WARD YOUR BEST GAME WAS COD 4 MW, YOU SHOULD HAVE STOPPED WHEN YOU WERE GOOD. I WOULD GO AS FAR AS SAYING THAT GHOSTS WAS BETTER, AND THAT WAS A GOD AWFUL GAME. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.P.S. caps lock is intended
Downloaded this 40GB during steam free weekend to play CoD4 remastered.Went to Singleplayer.Error message appears: "You need to buy this or u can't play SP!"Went to zombies.Error message appears: "You need to buy this or u can't play zombies!"Wiped it from SSD.Srsly Kotick, go shuv it up ur a**!!!
This game is full of hackers, in fact the very first game I got into, there was a hacker, 3 of us started shooting at him and he wasn't facing our direction, all of  a sudden he instantly turns around and kills all 3 of us in a split second. Maybe its just my computer but this game is horribly optimized I get lots and lots of hitching and frame skipping. Usually whenever I get into a gun fight, my fps drops really low and then it freezes and skips like 10 frames then my screen unfreezes and i'm dead. This is constantly happening during all my games. Fix your game, and get an anti cheat system incorporated, otherwise you will continue to lose support for this game.
The game (and particularly the PC port) is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game in multiplayer has been locked at 91 FPS, in spite of the fact I own a 144hz monitor, and have V-Sync off (Sync every frame) and I own a gtx 1080 with and i7 7700k..... The game also wouldn't let me connect to the multiplayer due to my Steam profile name, and the game crashed several times due to that.  The population is very small, even on the free weekend (in which I am reviewing the game) making it very hard to find games. Not to mention the fact that there are full fledged micro-transactions (though most new AAA games are guilty of this). I compell you to save your money on this one if you can. The gameplay itself isn't awful, but it certainly is not exceptional nor innovative. Just another annual cash grab from the fine folks at Activision and Infinity Ward.
lol
(Free Weekend, 2/23)It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
What a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The amount of money they wasted on this garbage is unfathomable. Everyone at Activision should be fired, even the janitors and the people in the lunch room. Jesus H Christ. Blizzard took some time off making dog♥♥♥♥♥♥expansions to make a dog♥♥♥♥♥♥Cod... This is even worse than Black Ops 3. THE ONLY REASON ANYONE BUYS THIS IS TO GET THE MODERN WARFARE REMASTERED. The first time you load this you will want to quit before you even start. I've been trying to get this free garbage game to load and the game has crashed once and i've had to hard restart 3 times. Before you say it my computer is a beast... I can play anything. So at this point I'd pay them to remove this rotten fetus from my machine.Good call on the free weekend I'm sure you'll sell alot more copies. The rating as already gone from Mixed to Mostly Negative. Wow just wow...
DO NOT BUYThis will focus on the multiplayer. The game is actually fun to play once you learn the maps and understand the different classes. The biggest problem with this game is the lack of players. You can only find TD games, no other mode will be played. Very frustrating considering it's not even 6 months old. But even if you like TD don't expect too many matches because of the lack of people playing.If you think you should buy this for Modern Warfare Remastered, DO NOT. Multiplayer is dead. It's very hard to find a TD(less than 300 players on at one time, even on Friday/Saturday/Sunday)and if you look at the steam chart numbers it's only getting lower. They also added guns and melee weapons from other Call of Duty games through "Depot" buys, which doesn't help at all to make it feel nostalgic.Short Review:This game is not bad. The problem is the lack of players and it's only getting worse. If you really want to play this, look to buy it on another platform with more players, I would stay far away from the PC version.
>thought it was free 3 day trial>found out it was multiplayer only
This game is so bad I can't even connect to my own private match
OH MY, this game is really bad. All this futuristicâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ LOCKED FrameRATE, BAD TEXTURES! I'm really glad activision created this chance to let us play this garbage for free. I really don't feel bad about people who buy this, they are just â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥.Buying every year the same CoD, I stopped buying thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥since MW3. I want a refund of my time please.P.S:Stop doing CoD.
When i looked only around 1,700 people playing, during a free weekend. Most games i was in were only 3v3 or 3v2. Offered a very dull experience.
How to do a free weekend: Include the full â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing game so people can judge it fullyHow CODIW did free weekend: Multiplayer only where you can't experience anything except dying every 3 seconds
Advanced Warfare had issues, but it still felt like a Call of Duty game.  Infinite Warfare is so far out there that it can't be classified as a Call of Duty game anymore.
This game runs so bad its insane... I can run bf1 on ultra getting barley above 60fps. This game on all low runs so â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ with fps stuttering. Its insane how unblanced everything feels also. Now i understand why cod is dying im for sure not buying this game.
Why the â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ is this game locked at 91fps? I am capped on it 24/7, with a 1070, and i can't fucign uncap it. ALSO, why the â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ is it using 7 whole â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing gigs of vram??? This game's textures look likeâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥anyways.
Everything you heard about this game is true.
Save your weekend, just dont download it.
Optimized with their asses + Stupid futuristic theme. 0/10 F*ck this game.
who the ♥♥♥♥ thought this game was a good idea?
this game sucks donkey d i c kyou'd be better off with a 60 dollar candy baror... 60 candy bars.
This piece of software prepared shaders for 9 minutes on a 20gig ram 2 gig gpu machine.More like infinte loading.Can't acces online featuers.Must restart due to update.Downloads update.Must restart due to update. Again.Update mate? ON A FREE WEEKEND? Didn't think this through mates did ya? You guys heard of steam updates? Just the platform you could be using after all. No?
Garbage
Downloaded for the free weekend and yet every match i find it kicks me right back out. No wonder why the game is rated like♥♥♥♥♥♥
i loaded the game and it sounds like an idie game from 1995. get black ops 3, at least it has mod support
TERRIBLE. This game is THE WORST game of 2016-2017. It has a toxic community, starts you out with the highest level players, gives you no good guns, and anytime you open a "supply drop" it gives you absolute trash. TERRIBLE GAME. 4/10. Don't buy unless you want to roam the map for 10 minutes occasionally finding someone or falling off of the map. Awful game. I got it for the free weekend, and I definately will not be buying it.
GARBAGE AVOID LIKE YOUR EX-GIRLFRIEND
Horrible call of duty went bad after Call of Duty Ghosts!! Stupid space suit lol its like playing crysis just dumber
This game does not work
Game was♥♥♥♥♥♥I did not like hehe :)
Can you even consider this♥♥♥♥♥♥a game?
"Free weekend"...How about free 45 minutes of this sad excuse of a game, before I realized how bad it was.Just stick to CS:GO
Buggy pile of trash, tried during free weekend and couldn't even load the level with everyone in the lobby. Freezes when graphics settings are changed, thanks Infinity Ward. Uninstalling now.
woah i thought cod ghosts was bad ..this is even worseunskipable cutseens call of duty game has stopped working cant even get to play zombies it crashes after it plays the video at least aw runs okay LOL srsly ♥♥♥♥ you COD
1 game and uninstall... boring
Played free weekend, its like they took black ops 3 and said, "♥♥♥♥ me up". There are lots of copied mechanics and things from the previous game that makes this♥♥♥♥♥ And i thought black ops 3 was ok ish.
Downloaded free to play trail unistalled after about 15 mintues
Network Error: BURGUNDIA
hitbox are a joke ...random ppl with a knife killing a whole party ...bad mod ... probably the worst cod ever made
Multiplayer Free WeekendWow, this is just a bad game trhough and through.Clanky movement, Meh graphics, too many cheatsJust bad stay away!
Can't get any maps to load, either in online games or in private matches. But having played it before on console I wouldn't recommend it anyway. The campaign is the best since CoD4, if at some point it's available for less than $20 it might be worth picking up to play. But the multiplayer is awful, designed entirely around getting people to buy CoD points and supply drops to get weapon variants. Go and get one of the Treyarch CoD's if you want a good one to play.
Could not connect to host.
What is this happy horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ I didn't spend a couple of hours downloading this to be instantly kicked from every game for losing connection to host. CANT EVEN DO CUSTOM GAME BY MYSELFR U FOR REAL?Really, you boys should be paying us to play this piece of utter dross. Not even gravy, just pure stock cube♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
hi
SHITY
I was for longer time interested to get this game.I just wonder how a so abysmal designed game could anyone allow to be released.The multiplayer is just soulless, on all maps you have same physics.So its 6vs6 game and you can have bots, even there the bots don't act smart.In the real PVP game you do see this weird jump and fly around mechanics. bots cant do this.I can't tell if its skill or people do use hacks, it just you have can run along a wall and jump pretty high, so even if shoot next to them you just don't hit.One of the Worst part are the weapons , so its normal and "recycled weapons that do shoot cheap light balls." So instead of a shell , you see a small blue light ball. Even Paintball weapons do looks more sci-fi. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The mayor point for me to give here a bad rating , is just an overkill.Grinding in a full price game, like it's a free2play game.That means waste hundreds of hours just to unlock playable weapons.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Just how, how can anyone not understand this basics. Full Price game = You have full access.Even this free2play games are superior to thiscompared to Infinite Warfare
Awful. Still.
the game can´t even preload shaders
The only online mode that has enough people in it to actually play is team deathmatch and I've only seen maybe 10 people over level 15. It keeps disconnecting me just after splitting us up into teams so I haven't been able to play a single match. biggest waste of 40 minutes
The only online mode that has enough people in it to actually play is team deathmatch and I've only seen maybe 10 people over level 15. It keeps disconnecting me just after splitting us up into teams so I haven't been able to play a single match. biggest waste of 40 minutes
Matchmaking and in-game team balancing is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Do not even bother for the multiplayer.
Lame.
I'm so glad I got to try the free weekend instead of making the purchase.  I'll keep it simple there is a reason this game is severely discounted and has mostly negative reviews.  It refuses to work and it's another♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port on behalf of Activison.
One simple definition:"Connection has been lost..."
Its♥♥♥♥♥♥
What the heck is this? Infinite Crap
Well the game is good but not worth the 60$ not 30$ either I would have bought it if it cost 10$ maybe !!!
Just go play something better.
It's not an awful game, but when you compare it to the other COD's, this game is a massive piece of garbage. The futuristic stuff is boring compared to MW2, or BL1, for example. You can only find full multiplayer games in Team Deathmatch, even on the free weekend. Also, the community is extremely toxic. The first game I'm in, there are people talking about how they will "♥♥♥♥ your mom", you know, the typical COD player insults, to other players, all because this one guy claimed that half the lobby was hacking because he was doing bad. I wish that COD would just go back to it's normal stuff, no more futuristic crap.
The worst Call of Duty game in the whole catalog. The way multiplayer is setup you will always have part of your play time ruined from lag. The time to kill is somehow even lower than ever. Extremely bloated customizable system to no benifit for the player.
Garbage. Don't waste your bandwidth.
I've played it on console which is mediocre at best. On PC however, for under 60 minutes I've spent on the free weekend, absolutely pathetic. Can't even get into a single game because it'll put me in a lobby with people, and then it'll load the map indefinitely only for the game to crash. It gets better, when you try to edit your graphics settings etc. it can't even handle that as the game will freeze and you'll have to Ctrl+Alt+Delete to close the game because you can't do much at that point. Absolutely pathetic port, at least it works on console.UPDATE: I've removed the game from my Steam Library and Hard Drive, deleted every trace of the game. Waste of one hour of my time.
I have just started playing the free weekend and am already regreting using 40GB of my storage on it. I started it up thinking of playing the zombies mode as I have heared that it is the only non terrible think about the game but they do not state that you have to play for the game to play zombies or campaign. Your are using 40GB to play TDM as no one plays the other modes and you have to wait 10mins to play anything other than it. Sorry about the poor spelling, I am in a hurry as I am about to go to bed. I hope this helped to a certain extent ;)
I don't own this game, and I never will.The time I spent writing this review is priceless to me and I want it all back..
i cant start it up
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥...... It is dead as a doornail. No one is playing this game. You wont find any players in multi
Cheap copy of Black Ops 3.
its horrible
so how do i start this.AIDS, CANCER AND EBOLA COMBINED!I BOUGHT THIS JEBANY GAME FOR 60 EURO AND I CANT EVEN START A GAME.yes, i can start the game but the only thing i can see IS A JEBANY BLACKSCREEN.sooo then i search up the problem on the web, and they say that i should uninstall my anti-virus.i do that and guess what... NOTHING JEBANY HELPED!SO I JUST WASTED MY MONEY, MY TIME AND MY ENERGY ON THIS ANGER.oh so i hope this get in top SO PEOPLE DONT HAVE TO DO THE SAME AS ME.GG R.I.P COD 2003-2016 or even earlier lol
Tried to play during the free weekend, the entire time I tried to play was taken up by useless cutscenes and constant crashing during everything ranging from changing a video setting to trying to join a match. I've had a more enjoyable time dealing with burning garbage. Do not buy under any circumstances because it's not even worth your time when it's free.
Oh cool, another epic "FREE WEEKEND!" """gift""" from infinity war- Whoops, except It isn't really a free weekend as they have (yet again) locked most of the content & gameplay with the reason that, and I quote "You do not own this product". It's a glorified, temporary demo which means I just downloaded 50 gb of the typical wasted potential that is the call of duty series to leave a negative review so you don't have to follow in my footsteps.You're welcome!------------------EDIT:If you're enjoying having your time and money saved by heads-up like these, you may want to check out my curation service that aims to do just that: Curator tab > Follow
Glad I did not pay for this, free trial for 10 minutes was enough :D
Wont stop crashing gg devs, really made me want to buy this game while its free
LMAO Free weekend includes only multiplayer I am not interested in that♥♥♥♥♥
Free weekend and cant find a game. Good game, good game.
dont be stupid like me and buy this 'game'
The campaign wasnt that bad.
I have a computer that ranks, in the top 5 percent of all BenchMarks.And I have 35+ years experience in gaming and computing.Frame rates 60 to 175 fps and a SD drive.But could not get it to play the cutsceens without jitters and hickups.And it's mostly cut sceens.This game has got to be the worst  ever produced by COD.Campain is less then 10 hours, probably 8 of that is cutsceens.Another hour, trying to fly a spaceship using just a mouse, (We own hundreds of dollars worth of controlers duh).These flying missions are realy the single, worst idea ever.I could not care less about the multiplayer. (can't find any serious adults to play with)I start the game.It jumped into cutsceens, without even allowing me to set anything up, and I was not allowed to skip the teribly jerky and anoying cutsceens for 10 minutres.COD was my favorite.Now they just keep on making these elaborate  C movies that tell you to press a key, every once in a while. They should makeup there minds are they making movies or games.As a movie it would be good, if it was stable, but the sceens suffer from all manor of jitters and poorly synchroniized anamation.Even on my monster machine.Only a half hour, into playing it, and I was ready to give up, on this franchise, even though I purchased everything they made since day 1.I wan't to play the game not be played by it.So I think they need to  get back to making real games.I almost did not finish playing this crap, even though it costs more then a full day's pay to buy it.But the game was over way before I even got to play, or even learn anything about the weapons or anything else.I may as well just have rented a movie.It's total bull crap, space battles, flying ships without proper controls.Getting realy taunting videos with uniteligible voicing, poping up in mid battle totaly covering your view ?.YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE FIGHTING AND EVERYONE IS ALWAYS SCREEMING AT YOU TO WIN THE BATTLE. if you are lucky enough not to have spent your hard earned money, yet.DON'T waste it on this crap.Crazy BAD,BAD,BAD...It's so bad, that it is the first COD ever,  that I have almost abandoned, having played it, for about 45 minutes. The last few COD's where bad but this is ridiculous.I just can't play it, it's just too stupid.The COD franchise is dead, this one proves it.
I'm sorry, this game was just too boring...
great storyline and singleplayer but absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer
I would think hard before I drop any more money on the COD franchise for PC. Here are my reasons why you should save your money. The game is broken:  the matchmaking service is faulty ie you wait forever for a lop-sided match, the game will kick you for no reason either while waiting to play or while engaged in a match, lag is real and evident in matches you will play, and no dedicated servers. No evidence of any VAC or game bans on players that cheat and because of this fact you will see the same players week after week doing the same sketchy nonsense. Check the link below if you think hacks for this game dont exist. . The game has the potential for greatness but its lost on the flaws. Buyer beware.
Big list of bugs not beeing fixed.Full of groundbraking glitches.Implemented P2W model.Constantly loosing keys for drops even in zombies.Last COD ever beeing bought.
Connection to the Host Lost: erorr: BURGUNDI.... (for solving this error you just have to change youre username and make it less than 15 charachters or you will be never able to play Zombies.) . This is it i don' t wanna talk about this anymore, there is too much to say and it' s too much to write....vote:  /10
DO NOT BUYNo one plays this on PC, terrible connectioon problems, its best to save the cash and buy it on console. its a great game, i love it, but you should never buy this or any CoD on PC, only console
add multiplayer split screen with this and i beleave people will stop bashing your brand. Idk why you think you could get away with not adding it for pc when these guys are the ones who usually write on your social media accounts and giving you a bad rep. I like the game but kinda a waste getting a season pass and not being able to play with a friend the new maps when they come over. Update: now i cant even log into the game to play the game. I have a season pass i wasted $100 on a game that says i have to update it but there is no que on steam that says that i do.
not worth the price, at all. even discounted 70% not worth it. i only bought for MW remastered and had to pay an overinflatted price for that. not only that there was no anti-cheat at the beginning and VAC now but it does nothing. cheaters are blatant about it and activision don't care. so few players now it's not even worth starting. takes forever to find matches only for the game to kick you out of the lobby when it actually finds a match.will not be buying another activision or infinity ward game ever again.
absolute Titanfall copy (TF used earlier than cod the double jump and wallrun feautres) ... for a CoD its way too intense
Offline often, especially on double xp weekends... and no cheat gaurds. Too much aimbot,walll hack,and most of all lag comps. Not happy, cause reporting hackers and laggers booosters etc seems to do nothing. Wasting time...
im mad that the support for his game is weak
do yourself a favor do not buy this game.
Well, apart from the rampant hacking this game is still enjoyable. It's the fastest COD yet. However I feel that the COD franchise on PC is in its last death throws. I have personally reported, recorded and posted hackers online and none of them have been banned. Under Treyarch (BO3) I recorded and posted 12 videos of hackers... all were game banned. Under Infinity Ward. ZERO Bans for blatant cheats. Activision needs to spend some of the countless millions they have earnt on real anti-cheat. Im interested to know if there is a revenue stream from the availible cheats that goes back into the Infinity Ward coffers... or at least some of the DEV's pockets as there seems to be no repercussions from aimbotting or wallhacking. Dont bother buying the game. It's not an even playing field.Check the kill feed and the last kill replay at the end. One example from today. 2/20/2017
No Anticheat tool ... Lobby system not working ... Laggy Server ...But main thing still more content insert the totally weak-necked are ... GJ Activison
This game is ♥♥♥♥ed it has never worked after purchase! Steam it's  self is a floored system with no real time help. Once the game is on you can not remove even if you have gone to the expence of buying a new game.
I say ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME ON PC SINCE I GOT VAC BANNED FOR NO REASON !!!!! GOOD JOB INFINITY WARD YOUR GAME SUCKS !!!!!I WANT TO REFUND THIS GAME ! BUT I CANT SINCE I GOT A ♥♥♥♥ING VAC BAN !
Pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont buy
I completely admit that I did not play the campaign to the end but in my defence I have a great reason for that. It is just plain bad in every way, I have a powerful gaming PC and this game stutters and drags the whole way and if that isnt bad enough the story, characters and gamaeplay are just boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love COD, it was a great franchise and I bought this game just for the COD4 remaster so that in itself is worth some of the cost but Infinate Warfare is just not fun to play.Maybe I just long for the days of MW 1,2 and 3 and Black Ops 1 but I just hate this technalogically advanced, double jumping, complicated gameplay.If you are a MW and BO1 era fan looking to get back into the COD franchise save your money, hell even if you are just a FPS fan dont bother. It is nothing new and nothing worth any money.
this game is terrible every time i load zombies on solo it laggs on the animation video and comes up lost connection to the host spent £80 on this game and is crap
Bought this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e for £60 along with MW remastered. Worst purchase of 2016 for me. Total waste of money and I wish I could refund it.
Multiplayer isn't working with me.. Tried to troubleshoot by following every step on the Activision website, changed nothing. Wanted to contact them, but the online chat is not available..
♥♥♥
LOW ENERGY!!! FPS LOCKED PIECE OF GARBAGE.MANY ARE SAYING THIS IS THE BIGGEST SCAM OF ALL TIME!YOU KNOW IT I KNOW IT WE ALL KNOW IT!
This is ridiculous! I got the game in November 2016 and they still haven't fixed an issue with the game hanging on the loading screen on the campaign. I have reinstalled this game countless times and still it doesn't work. May be there is a fix out there but after paying £50 for the game I don't see why I should have to do the work to fix it!Total garbage! This is real let down on the CoD franchise!
Horrendous
Don't buy ,, just don't ask way...............1- no players - waiting ages for 1 match in lobby2- always crashing3- no servers - like BO3 (too late tho) or MW3etc
So this review is going to be from Release date to present (18/02/2017)This review will also focus on preformance issues, My specs Intel 17-4790kMSI GTX 1080 8gb32gb DDR 3 Corsair VenganceMsi Z97 gaming 5 mobo120gb samsung evo 850 ssd3tb hddI'll start with IW - Call of Duty Infinite warfare since release day runs perfectly, now ive had this game run across two seperate monitors, one being a 16:9 1910x1080 and my new monitor 21:9 2560x1080 my frame rate stays perfect (minimum of 90) with all my settings on ultra, gameplay is super smooth and great fun!MWR - Now this is where i get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥annoyed, when i spend £80 on a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game i expect it to run properly. I can understand some bugs and glitches on release day/week, but its been 3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥months now and the game still runs like it did on release day, 30-40 fps, with all my textures on LOW. now not everyone has these issues but i see alot of people in several different forums with the same issues as mine.Funny how they hired Beenox Entertainment to make the game creating all the hype (Beenox being famous for the 1,000,000 spiderman games they have made.) and it runs like♥♥♥♥♥but you let sledgehammer create IW and it runs flawless.If you want to play Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, then buy the original version from GoG or♥♥♥♥♥its cheap and there's plenty of servers, DO NOT GIVE ACTIVISION ANY MONEY FOR MWR UNTILL IT IS FIXED.However, if you want to just play Infinite Warfare, then go for it! It runs amazing!But just remember, poor souls like myself payed 80 ♥♥♥♥ing pounds for this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse of a game.D O  N O T  B U Y  T H I S  G A M E
This review is not about Infinite Warfare, that game is alright (single player anyways, didn't really dabble in the multiplayer). What can I say, it's fun to shoot dudes in space, and shooting dudes is what COD is about. Now for the game I actually want to review. Modern Warfare Remastered. The single player was a blast, a nice nostalgia trip back to high school and I was hoping the multi would be the same. And it was... For about 10 seconds before the horrendous framedrops and stuttering happened. I chalked it up to maybe some setttings being wonky or a shoddy host and chug through a match. Alright, next match. Same thing. As with the one after that. I dropped the game for a few months after that. Came back and same. ♥♥♥♥ing. deal. Except this time on top of all the other problems I now crash every few minutes. I'm gonna have to say with a not so heavy heart to stay the hell away from this game. I am far from the only person experiencing these problems and the devs show absolutely no sign of trying to fix any of them. Oh, one last kick to the nads. They added everyone's most favoritest thing: Microtransactions! The basic specs of my PC:- Nvidia 980ti- Intel i7 6700k- 32 gbs of ram
most of the time i want to play this the servers are down. also extremely hard to connect to players in zombies
Just No...
The campaign is ok, just another call of duty campaign. The game overall is fun, however feels and plays alot like Black Ops 3 and the community is completely dead, in both the remastered (if you can get it to actually work) and IW. If you like waiting 20+ min. to find enough people to start a multiplayer match then this overpriced clone of Black Ops 3 is right up your alley. Save yourself the frustration and go buy a game that the multiplayer feature is actually available like Battlefield 1, Titanfall 2 or Overwatch.
I have over 200 hrs playing this gameSimply the worst game I've ever played. I own every COD from United Offensive to IW. I will never spend one more dime on the franchise. This game was not ready for release and seems to get worse with every update. Multiplayer is useless. Campain is "pretty" but if i wanted to watch a movie I would have rented one. I also got COD MW Remastered. I don't think they know what the word "remastered" means. It is horrible. The original COD 4 is better than both of these games by far.Don't waste your money. Unless you like LAG Compensation. That is where Activision gets compesated for us Lagging.
I love Call of duty for some reason... whatever I'm not going to critisize, but when i play it i get up to 999 ping the same happend in bo2... and I've done everything i could, i got a good internett, but be carefull buying these call of duty games
And so fourth.If you're buying this for muliplayer be prepared to play either S&D or TDM because besides that you won't find a lobby. It is so sad because this game was a huge part of my childhood and even though the campaign is amazing mulitplayer is about 75% of the game. It's sad what they did to this game and I hope they sell MW Remastered as a stand alone because more people need to play. Why can't we download each individual asset to the game individually like virtually every past call of duty? THE DAMN GAME IS 101 GB. I don't want multiplayer nor campaign, I just want zombies but these idiots refuse to do the moral and logical thing and make you download their entire ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.LASTLY, This is the last straw, the Devs are selling FOUR MAPS, emphasize on selling, that came with the origonal game. This is absolutely disgusting and how you lose your fan base. I have no idea who their marketing and financial teams are or whoever sets prices but they need fired ASAP this is disgusting.
this game is trash af do not buy anything cod. this cod game sucks really bad noone is ever online when there are ppl online its like 1400 ppl and thats sad af infinityward can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥for making such a tyrash game...i repeat do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy do not buy
It sucks monkey butts like all the ♥♥♥♥ing rest.
u need a pretty good computor and video card to run this game.  the  zombies suck on it so far.....INFINITE multiplayers guns go "pew pew" feels more like star wars than call of duty.  the remastered is pretty good, graphics and gameplay is nice. (remastered,i liked it but soo far theres nooo co-op on it like its suposed to. lack of attachments on all weapons, u get 1 or 2 different scopes on rematered. needs to add a lot of stuff before i would call it a release. the game is more like a beta.) dont buy this unless u really want to, battlefield is much better than this copy of star wars. spend your money on something more usefull...
If there was a Mixed Review Option in the Steam Review System, I would give it to Call of Duty Infinite WarfareTL;DR: Wait for a sale, buy for the Campaign and that's it. Also Modern Warfare Remastered Multiplayer has been ruined by Supply Drops-= Infinite Warfare =--Campaign- Easily one of the better campaigns in a Call of Duty. The open ended way in which you select and complete missions, the plentiful secrets and collectibles to enrich the lore and get upgrades, and an enjoyable if generic story.The Space Combat missions are suprisingly not on-rails and can be fun distractions to divide up the ground combat. Several missions have you navigating asteroid fields and making your way towards enemy ships, these missions can give great amounts of scale and can make you say "Wow" often. A mission can place you on a small research base hurtling towards the Sun, in which you have to time your movements with the rotation of the asteroid and stay in the shade so that you don't get vaporized. The missions in the campaign are varied and interesting, and the characters, especially Ethan, can be fun to be around.If you are to buy Infinite Warfare, buy it for the Campaign.-Multiplayer-God Awful support from both Activision and Infinity Ward. Basically a reskin of Black Ops 3's multiplayer but with less charm and not as fun. Supply Drops return (Because of course they do) and the grind to get Credits for them has been cranked up massively to a point where it's almost insulting to how much time you have to put into the game to get enough credits for just one Common Supply Drop.The game has only been out for 4 months and it already has arguably more Supply Drop exclusive content than Black Ops 3.The MP population is already dead and dying, with several server issues plaguing the game. Don't bother with the Multiplayer.-Zombies-Zombies is okay. It's not as good as Treyarch's but it's better than Advanced Warfare's Zombies. But it's not great. It seems to lack the depth and replayability of Black Ops Zombies. There's really not much else to say about it.-= Modern Warfare Remastered =--Campaign-It's the exact same as CoD4's Campaign except with better graphics, sounds and some added touches to make the game a bit better visually.-Multiplayer-If you haven't played MWR before Supply Drops were added, you really missed out. It was really amazing to go back and re-live the glory days of Call of Duty 4. But I guess Activision doesn't care about preserving the sacredness that is CoD4, because they decide to ♥♥♥♥ it up and add Supply Drop Microtransactions.A d d M i c r o t r a n s a c t i o n s T o C o D 4Now at first, it didn't seem THAT bad, because the Supply Drop content was all cosmetic only (Except for the fact that with the new Melee Weapons, came the ability to carry a melee weapon in your hand, which was not in the vanilla game.) That is until just recently, where the XM-LAR, the Kamchatka-12, and the .44 Magnum were added to the game.A d d i n g N e w B u l l e t W e a p o n s T o C o D 4The XM-LAR being basically a full-auto FAL with laser beam like accuracy and almost no recoilThe Kamchatka-12 being a full-auto Shotgun that can one shot a full health target at ridiculous ranges. (Also, I'm going out on a limb and saying that the 12 in the title refers to the gun being made in 2012, which doesn't even match up with the fact that CoD 4 takes place in 2011)The .44 Magnum is just a Magnum, not that special.So MWR Multiplayer has been ruined by microtransactions. RIP-=- FINAL VERDICT -=-Call of Duty Infinite Warfare Campaign 8.5/10Call of Duty Infinite Warfare Multiplayer 4/10Call of Duty Infinite Warfare Zombies 5/10Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered Campaign 9/10Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered Multiplayer [PRE SUPPLY DROPS] 9/10Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered Multiplayer [POST SUPPLY DROPS] 2/10♥♥♥♥ Activision and ♥♥♥♥ Microtransactions in AAA Games
They try their hardest to rob the most amount of keys from you possible. Period. Oh, your name is longer than X amount of characters? No keys for you. Oh, you put in over an hour in zombies, the host leaves, and we can't establish a connection to a new host (or the game crashes)? No keys for you. Oh, you're playing multiplayer, the host leaves, and we can't establish a connection to a new host (or the game crashes)? No keys for you. There is no compensation or even a mention. Lost over 300+ keys cause of this nonsense. Until they fix this, there is no way I can upvote when you don't get rewarded for your time and effort.
Game still crashes, my pc is more than powerfull to run GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK
Words can't describe how bad this game really is. I got so bored and frustrated with the game that I simply uninstalled it. Not worth the $60
yea how to put this. it has content and for the price i got it it was ok for maybe 3 or 4 hours. past that its the same old thing youd expect. if your wanting this for the remastered mw, dont bother. at this point its starting to go to hell by the addition of new weapons only allowed via microtranactions. just save your money of just get the old mw if you really want, but dont get this one
CoD on PC is♥♥♥♥♥ fix it
Q: Why did you dislike the game even though you've played for 100+ hours?A: The game was decent and ran fine up until a few months after the release, then all of a sudden after an update, it ran very poorly. Major FPS dips and stuttering made the game unplayable even in Solo Zombies and Campaign. 100 or so hours of playtime occured before this happened.Im really dissapointed to be honest. I was hyped up for this game. Dont get me wrong, its a good game, a really good game. But it is absolutely trash on PC. I wish I bought a console just for this game. COD is a dead series to play on PC. Let me get started... 4 months after the game came out, there is less than 1000 average players, the number probably being lower for MP, and they all mostly play TDM, good luck finding any other game mode to play. THE HACKERS. Oh lord the hackers. Atleast 1 out of every 3 lobbies I play has some guy with an obvious aim bot or wall hacks. And this game has no VAC what so ever lmao.... THE HORRIBLE OPTIMIZATION. I dont get it. The first month this game was out, it was smooth as can be. Now I constantly get framedrops and stuttering and lag even in SOLO ZOMBIES!!! I turn my graphics all the way down, doesnt fix anything. It will be a solid 60fps and then randomly dip way down. Most of the time in a firefight in MP causing me to get killed, or in Zombies at a crucial moment. The PC port of this game is just complete trash. I wish I never spent the $100 for the digital deluxe edition. I love the game, dont get me wrong. The Campaign is a masterpiece, the new direction for Zombies is genius, and the setting of a future war in space is awesome. Everytime im on the MP Map "Frost" I spend alot of time just staring up at Jupiter from the surface of Europa and it really puts me in the moment. But the PC version is just absolutely terrible. I honestly wish I bought a Console to have some longevity, less hackers, a smoother experience and a more casual game to play. Oh, and MWR has the same exact stuttering problem. Making that game just as unplayable. So it really was a waste of $100. And these problems happened a month after I had the game. So no chance of me refunding it.UPDATE 4/3/2017-Ok, tried playing last week after the DLC came out not too long ago, The game runs alot smoother, less stuttering (Only played Zombies and private match in MP) Rave in the Redwoods- Has alittle bit of a learning curve to it, being much different than ZiS. Fun to play, easy to train and a nice setting. Classic zombies experience.The new MP maps? Couldnt tell you, couldnt even find a match online in TDM. Took 20 mins, transferred hosts 3 times and the game wouldnt even start the match when I found a lobby.The New Weapons- I really appreciate how Season Pass holders get immediate access to the new guns. Its a nice change from the "Pay to Get the Cool Guns" Lottery that was the Black Market in Blops3. The weapons fit in nicely and arent too overpowered from what I saw in Private Matches. The Player Count? IDK. I stopped checking the stats to see how many players were online. You have to remember that counts EVERYONE playing the game. Whether they are playing Campaign, Zombies or MP. I assume most players are playing Zombies, alone or with their friends. Because whenever I tried to play MP it would always be the same lobby or couldnt find a lobby at all. ALSO, I still havent bought a console, and I dont intend on it. Being a hardworking individual who balances work, relationships, friendships, physical fitness and my own free time, I dont have time to play games as much as I used to. Maybe you should free up some of your gaming time to do some of those things too? (I'm looking at you, yes you, the guy with 98 hours in the past 2 weeks played.) You know, go outside, get some sun, go for a walk, meet some people, maybe find a girlfriend or even a boyfriend if thats what your into. (Lets be honest, women dont exist in the Steam community.) I gaurentee this game wont make your life better, but maybe those I listed above will? Who knows. (The Above article is my OPINION. It is not fact, google opinion before you get triggered and get arthritis for going full keyboard warrior on  "console vs pc" or how my review is terrible. It is my OPINION.)
Call of Duty was a major portion of my gaming life. From Finest Hour to MW3 I played it religiously. Although since MW2 I saw it start to lose. This game shows the franchise is dead.Runs very well on my current machine (GTX970, fx 6300 4.2 ghz), appears to not like on-screen-displays of your system parameters. Graphics are very good as well. Considering they already have DLC (which is outrageously overpriced at this time), it makes me think its unfinished.You will sometimes wait a few minutes to find an available lobby and when you do, you see players you've met before. Over. And over. And over again. Not many people are playing. So far I haven't had any community problems, no trolls or aggressive MLG people who are screaming bloody murder that they got a 400 degree no-scope. Sadly they have also incorporated micro-transactions into the game, and on social media it appears they're inching closer to integrate EVEN MORE of them in the game. It also appears they worked more on the Zombies mode more than anything as the Spaceland map is quite large and detailed for the 2 hours I played on it. The story is truly forgettable, I don't really remember the name of the other characters, it also seemed rushed to end and tried to be shocking; which it was a little bit, but it became hysterically overdone. Activision, if you're reading this; SAVE YOURSELF. "In 2017 Activision will take Call of Duty back to its roots, and traditional combat will once again take center stage," quoting Activision's Amrita Ahuja, If you want to do that
Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
This game sucks, Titanfall 2 is much more better.I regret every dollar that i feed Activision with.so so bad.
This game sucks, Titanfall 2 is much more better.I regret every dollar that i feed Activision with.so so bad.
The amount this game crashes is ridiculousimpossible to aim.... waste of 60gb
I bought an xbone and another copy of this game just to play on servers that actually have players. On another note, it is quite literally impossible to contact Activision support. The web page for product support won't load, the phone number has been disconnected and the chat with an "ambassador" option won't work on any given time or day.
lobby     -took about 30 min to find a 3 to 4 player (in multiplayer)     -took about 5 - 10 minute to find the whole lobby (in zombie)Graphic     -the graphic is okay for infinite warfareAttachment for gun     -not a lot to pick from
Gees where do I begin with this game. I guess I'll start by saying if you're looking for a well crafted and fun online multyplayer experience I can not recommend this title. This is why I will not be recommending this game because I feel that the core reason for anyone to pick up a Call of Duty title is for the multiplayer. So if this is what you are looking for then no do not buy this game. I will explain why the multiplayer is lacking after I talk about the shining factor of this game which is the singleplayer and zombies.I felt the singleplayer was fun for what it was. No, you're not going to get a Witcher 3 level story here but I will say that I enjoyed it way better than Battlefield 1's singleplayer. IW's singleplayer is like the recently released "xXx". If you didnt enjoy the previous ones then this will be a♥♥♥♥♥♥show. I will say this game had some really cool and stunning sequences as well as some all around good visuals. Plus, if you get the legacy bundle then you get one of the best CoD SPs remasterd. Infinty Ward did add in some cool new ideas into the singleplayer as well like side quests and jackal fights in space, which were pretty enjoyable. The jackal fights did get very repetitive after the first few but all around a very fun addition.As for zombies theres really not a lot I can say as I'm not very big into zombies. Although, I will say that this was the first time zombies felt accessible to me and the easter egg do-able. If you werent really big into Treyarchs zombies, this is a good alternative and is a fun experience.Okay now the multiplayer. First off, the supply drop system is complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and is a cancer to the series. Yet, it ♥♥♥♥ing rakes in a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money so its not going anywhere saddly. I do feel the movement system is a lot more tame than Bo3 but sadly it doesn't matter because the size of the maps feel a lot smaller the Bo3 maps. With the mp maps feeling so tight and small, its pretty easy to be suprised by someone 30 feet above you, flying through the air imo. I also feel a lot of gamemodes got cut as well, athough, it's no suprise considering how small the playerbase is on PC or really the game in general considering everyone is going back and playing Bo3. MWR is the same way. Matchmaking is a joke. In the core gamemodes the hit reg is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥so I mainly stick to HC, when I can find a game that is. Weapon variants are dumb and always will be. The rigs and payloads system seems like it was ripped straight from Bo3 with only a few new abilities and tweaks. They didn't even feel the need to change the HUD icon for when a payload is ready. I know game development is stupidly hard, especially with a fan base as cancerous as this one, but I mean you seriously coudn't change the HUD icon for when a payload is ready? People see that and say "Bo3 clone" because that is what it looks like a face value guys. You could've made it a ♥♥♥♥in square for all I care but keeping it like that just makes it look like you're lazy and playing it safe. Thats really the main downfall of this games multiplayer. I feel as though Infinty Ward saw all of the backlash that the community was giving and decided just to play it safe and make it through another year. Plus, nothing says lazy and greedy like not even fixing the ♥♥♥♥ing bugs from launch and adding in 500 ♥♥♥♥ING items to supply drops. If i scroll over to see people's k/d in a lobby and go back, the ♥♥♥♥ing "match summary" buttons text shifts off the ♥♥♥♥ing button, I mean do you even care about the PC playerbase? If you do you really have a poor way of showing it. Buttom line, multiplayer was a dissapointment this year and i can not reccomend this game. However, if you've enjoyed past CoD SPs then you'll enjoy this one. When it finally goes on sale in 10 years then maybe get it lmao.
For MW1 remastered. ok we all know how good the original game is. so I'm not reviewing the game itself. I am reviewing  the optimisation and graphics.   The game at first will be very laggy when you first get into the game, (no it's not my system).  frame rate drops are way to often with this. The whole new lighting looks washed out/blury like i had the brightness on full. i personally do not like that. seems like a downgrade if you asked me if you wanna play this game just get the original stills looks good till this day. don't waste your money on legacy edition its just  not worth your hard earned  money.  Just get the standard if you want infinite warfare.
I dont recommed playing anything COD on pc since no one really plays the game. No lobbies in black ops 3 this game or MWR
Best Cod I've Ever Played....LMFAO SIKE Dont Buy This Garbage
Ay Great game. 8) no one plays it, takes 10 years to find a match, lovely 10/10 would buy 10 more copies :D
Infinite Warfare/MW4 Remastered...hmm, that reminds me of something I step in because of the damn dog next door, something that reminds me to check my walet for those little Activision Leprechauns trying to steal my gold.Call of Duty has become the " how much cash can we ring out of those morons that bought that piece of sh%t of a game.I really never came down this hard on a game till now.Most games have some redeeming factors like good graphics or good maps...etc...but this one is a real stinkaroo.Activision heard the community say "No wallrunning,jetpacking or space twerking game " So what did they do? They just ignored the community and tossed a piece of trash together and thought ah don't worry those suckers,oh! I mean customers will buy it cause its Call of Duty..Boy were they wrong,sales are so bad that they will not release sales info or devulge how many players world wide there are.They released a game that was in production for three years and still its not complete.It's almost like they are trying to sabotage their own game.So kids save your money for either expensive booze and cheap women or expensive women and cheap booze,Either way you will wake up all KDUP in the morning.FYI Cjharlie Intel has released information regarding layoffs, hmm wonder if cod points and supply drops are part of their package?
Do not waste your money the games terrible i only bought it for remastred call of dutys were once good but now have gone down hill with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥unreal aspects they bring to the game , this is the worst one yet
More like infinite trash amirite
this game sucks buy cod4 for a better experence
This is the worst game i have ever play, just dont get it
I am upset the little ammount of work put into the DLC maps and making it only PS4 exclusive. From the F2P aspect of drop boxes and the♥♥♥♥♥♥skins, broken drop system, F*ck salvage, and just the thing with the multiple game modes only works when you actually have a big audience to get bored with the regular gamemode to play the other stuff. Since there Population of the game is so low there are no one playing those modes. Takes me 15-30 minutes to try and find a match and me and maybe 3 people are waiting for it to load. Fix your sh*t.
This is by far the worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever to show its face in the CoD Franchise.  And even the devs knew it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's why they lumped in Modern Warfare remastered. They knew that was the only way to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥game to sell. ♥♥♥♥ this game in every way from every angle. The movement is clunky as♥♥♥♥♥♥ the netcode is all kinds of FUBAR, the guns are so un♥♥♥♥ing balanced.
Get it on discount, a big one. This game is unbelievable bad, and I'm so pleased that I got it on black Friday sale, so I didn't have to waste too much money on my curiosity. I’m a great fan to the series, though the quality differs from time to time. Personally, I believe the Advanced Warfare, is the most well executed game so far, when it comes to the story, characters, graphics, audio and gameplay.  As Infinity Warfare sounds like a prolongment to the Advanced Warfare, I had high hopes for this game, and I honestly didn't believe it could be this bad, when I first read the other reviews. But it is, whether we are talking story, graphics, sound or gameplay, and it has no resemblance of the Advanced Warfare, what so ever.The storylineThe story basically is none exists. The earth is depleted and the earthlings are looking for other resources, which unfortunately are hold by others. These people don’t want to share, so they are bad guys, and you have to kill them off. CharactersRegarding the characters they posses no personality or reflections, which could make them more interesting. Dialogs are focused on command and object, so even though they are having conversations, they aren’t talking about anything at all besides what to do, where to go and who does what, which is quite redundant.GraphicsOn surface the graphics look up to date, as the faces seems detailed and modern. But when you then look at the clothes it’s jagged and undetailed, and everything close up looks bulky and hideous. It’s like they have used the first Modern Warfare engine. I highly doubt that this is dx11/12; it seems much more like dx9. AudioWhere’s the in-game music, to make it fun and exciting? Anyone remembering modern warfare 2, knows that that’s what carries a good game on. Yes, there’s an intro but during gameplay and mission shifts, there aren’t anything, besides boring command talk and objectives. The guns have a boring plain sound, which makes it rather unnoticeable what gun you are using. GameplayThe feel to move, aim and kill resembles the usually COD standard, but boost movement is not as good as Black ops 3 or not even close to that of Advanced Warfare. The lack of interesting characters, music, sound effects, and graphics, makes this game an absolutely boring experience, not worth playing. RecommendationsWhen it comes to the single player campaign, I much recommend the Advanced Warfare instead, if you haven’t tried it. The only problem with that game is that the multiplayer part is dead though. For multiplayer I recommend the black ops III, which still is very much alive, and at the same time being beautiful and exciting. If you got them all, then wait for discount and play Doom in the meantime.
Hi the PC version does not work, it locks up after the vidio sceen and when it loads the iw7 ship.exe.Is there a patch for this. The game should not be reliesed untill it works. dont buy the game untill it works properly.
Great game when it works.......,campaign is kind of short but very enjoyable. multiplayer is fast paced and fun when it works ,now it doesnt work gets stuck at loading level,uninstalled the game and reinstalled it nothing. very frustrating... dont waste your money,
Supply Drops. "Advanced movement". Supply drops in MWR which they blatantly lied about.
I bought the game for Modern Warfare Remastered, it was♥♥♥♥♥♥because I ranked to lvl43, and got VAC Banned for no reason.Steam give my money back please.
It's meh.
Rampant cheating.  Some of it blatant aimbotting that people don't even try to hide.  Guess VAC doesn't do anything.  Only redeeming quality is Zombies.
This game is a copy and paste of BO3 but somehow they made a copy and paste game even ♥♥♥♥♥ier.  Don't get this unless you want MWR which, other than stuttering at the start of games, is very well done
Probably worst cod ever made. Graphics is awful even on ultra, maps are disgusting.Don't buy this fuc*ing game, its only waste of money.
Hack loser
been playing cod since day one ....glad i only paid 15 pounds for the game it is utter garbage ...boots on the ground FTW UNINSTALLED :@
Getting aids is more pleasing than this game
Still waiting for Modern Warfare Remastered to be sold seperately...
Just noI would  say it would be a good game but infinity ward hasn't even updated the game yet. They don't have leaderboards, custom emblems, they don't even have DLC 1 yet. Please update the game
Modern Warfare Remastered has supply-drop-weapons. IW is a 6/10 at best. RIP COD press X to pay respects.
This game is one of the worst games ever made! I used to enjoy the multiplayer only.. now! it takes me forever to get into any server Multiplayer.. all it says is  finding a match but nothing 't has been hours of waiting for a server but no success at all!Now I want a refund.. I can still play Battlefield 1 multiplayer. But "call of duty Infinite warfare" cannot find any server at all since a month or so..please return My Money back.
♥♥♥♥♥♥br>
worst cod game ever made -10/10
Dont bother with this game, Do what i shouldve done and just get bo3 or bo2
Even 2 and half month after release the multiplayer often does not connect. If it finally does, only few people are online, so you will find only TDM games if any. Big disappointment.
Game just feels awful to play, way over priced wish i could return
I've been a loyal follower of Call of Duty for 15 years now and this is the most disappointed I have ever been and I played COD Ghost (I even have the arm band).This is the most expensive COD I have bought to date, trusting that another year of great joy and wall running would be had and i'm rewarded by sitting in lobbies for hours on end with now reward. At the time of writing this I have 7hours of play time on record of which 7hours have been spent sitting in lobbies with not a game, not one, taunted be videos of beautiful maps and promises of glorious battle.This is my last day, I will not longer fooling myself, I will no longer... COD is dead
It's a shame I have to give this a negative review. The campaign is by far my favorite in the entire franchise. The gameplay was fun and the story was better than I expected. This game would be great if the multiplayer and zombies modes weren't so bad. If you're looking for a multiplayer fps, get Battlefield or Titanfall instead. If you want zombies, Killing Floor 2 is pretty good.
12 / 10
I'll make this short and sweet. The campaign has a few 'ok' missions and the same goes for multiplayer maps. 'Zombies' is cool simply for the fact of the retro games available for play in the arcade.Overall though, the game is trash and is definitely my last purchase from Infinity Ward and the Call of Duty series altogether. They are a lazy and complacent studio that refuses to move forward within today's technologies as it applies to games on all levels. Games that came out 10 years ago had more ambition and actually pulled off things that IW either refuses to or lacks the talent to put into their games. Good riddance to a dead franchise.
Great Single player Horrible Multiplayer, Servers lag and players tend to bot or cheat to win
modern warfare RM isnt worth it turn back now
take black ops 3 and subtract everything fun about it. you have infinite warefare!!
This might just be the worst game I've ever played
DON'T buy the game just because you want to play mw remastered!I bought the legacy edition because of that one reason. I can't say anything about Infinite Warfare because I did not play it. The multiplayer of mw remastered is just horrible. First of all I want to say that I haven't played the original mw. I am a total newie to this game and I don't know any of the maps. I played mw3 a lot. Maybe that is why I think this game is really boring. mw3 is really fast pace if you want it to be with the specialist and stuff. I just bought this game to see how it was back in the days when cod was a "good game". Everyone said it was like really fun. Maybe it was. There were a lot more players in the past. If you play mwr now on PC you find the same bunch of people every round. It seems to be normal to sit around in dark corners, camp for your kill streaks and wait untill the clock runs down in TDM. In clonclusion: this game is not playable on PC. (unless you want to play sniper hide in bushes simulator)So if anyone wanted to buy this game then I hope I could convince you to not buy this game.
suck
Probably the most fun i've had in a COD game. However the join/invite friends feature is so terrible! It takes 4-5 trys on average to successfully join a friend in game (while not in a current game). Constantly says it cant reach them and usually makes you restart game to then try again. Also finding a game sometimes takes forever, maybe due to lack of player base. I love the game play in multiplayer, although the addition of "buying" COD points seems unfair and  i have already seen a negitive effect in game. Cod seems to have implemented a buy to win feature when it hasn't yet fixed basic features such as logging on and playing with your friends. I've speant many hours playing this, but i cannot recommend this game untill they fix the join/invite in multiplayer. The ability to play with friends is the most important part, IMO. Another recommendation would be to give incentives for other game types. No one plays anything other than team deathmatch, making it next to impossible to find a group for anything else.
complete♥♥♥♥♥
all right, Quality Assurance seems to be unknown to Infinity Ward - otherwise, the game would have started and running. But nothing happens. Steam pretends the game running, the hard disk randomly does some stuff - but no result. If I wanted a HDD stress test, I would buy one which delivers me some measurement values...So - after enough time wasted in figuring out why the game does not start up, I'll uninstall it again and release 57GB of valuable HDD space for something working...by the way: I7-7700k, 16GB RAM, along with an MSI GTX1070 on an MSI board - so nothing too special...Addendum 22nd Feb. 2017:the game at least runs after a patch - but the cut scenes' audio stutters like hell - who performs these tests...? So, I still stick to not to recommend the game.
Well after spending countless of hours fixing and dealing with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (NAT type issues, issues with my antivirus, not being able to connect to other people, achievement issues) the game got stale real fast.
Not worth it. Sure story is nice and camp, but its to short. The motd sucks.
I got this game for free. I want my free back.
scheiÃŸ spiel!!
this game is trash. That's coming from someone whose not even able to play it. I've tried reinstalling multiple times, I've tried all there is to try and nothing about this game works at all. pure trash
this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and it lags alot in multiplayer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT A WASTE OF MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY TOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The game does not work for some reason! iev tried all the fixes and my game still crashes , i would not buy this it keeps crashing and has problems when it finaly goes in to alt tab, ive had more problems with the game than playing the game , and ive not played 1 single player or multiplayer game
BIG let down, same old boring 3 lane game playnew names same crap not recomendedyou play unless you like being extremely let down
space battles do nothing for me.
jesus christ this garbage♥♥♥♥♥game. its literally halo, star trek, destiny, nasa adventure simulator 2016. everyone is flying around everywhere with lazer guns and fire bombs. total trash. 0\10 i wish i could get my money back. way to make call of duty unplayable. what even is this
I accidentally bought the regular Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and ALL I WANT IS THE REMASTER OF CALL OF DUTY 4!!!!!! :/ Maybe this is the wrong place to ask such question: but is there anyway for me to buy Call Of Duty 4 Remaster as a package or an additional to the first purchase? PLEASE HELP!!!
cheaters/hackers' heaven, apparently there is no VAC in multiplayer even though it's stated in store page bcuz IW decided to cut budget and use p2p connection instead of dedicated server. I wouldn't recommend this game even it's below 10 bucks
dead
Got bored after 3 days. Zombies is ok, campaign was boring, multiplayer is literally just bo3. 3/10
Please, save yourself the $60 and don't buy this on pc. Very boring, and has really not many players on PC. I can't recommend this, sadly.
first retail copy had duplicate code, had to replace. second retail copy had duplicate code, had to replace. third copy loaded and plays very well with my rig. had a problem with operation burnwater: refinery, had to restart mission to cure problem. presently having issue with operation burnwater fight or flight, restarted mission to no avail, when flying into mach at end of mission just keeps flying. game refuses to engage enemy, just keeps flying. Activision has no customer support so not too keen on purchasing anything from them again. one would expect a bug free game for the price.
a bad remake of the other games. i do not reccomend
they made it to where you have to buy season pass to get dlc...  you cant just buy them seperatly. im not gonna spend 50$ extra because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ player base is so small. when i only play zombies cause like i said the player base is tiny... PC gets the shaft once again from the devs of this game.
Do not buy this game.  There is an unpatched game-ending glitch in the mission "Operation Burn Water" that Activision knows about but apparently won't fix.
THE COMMUNITY IS DEAD DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No point to getting this game on PC. Infinity Ward still havent fixed the matchmaking issues and multiplayer gameplay is like a clone of Portal since the obsolete peer-to-peer system the game uses is so inefficient, you'll find yourself and other players stutterly moving and teleporting. This is barely playable let alone enjoyable.

was quite enjoying the single player when i had to open a door.. no problem "press x to open" easy .. none of the npc's come to help the door is stuck i cannot proceed with the campaign.what a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥br>
To be honest, it's not THAT bad.EDIT: It now sucks.
Well...I waited a year to get this game...and refunded it after about 1.5hrs of actual gameplay. I have BF1 as well so I don't exactly know what I was expecting here....it is like a discount Halo 2 with the writers that never made it to Star Trek due to their complete lack of originality. I am ashamed I took up any space on my drive with screenshots, let alone this turd of a game.0/infinite
The Multiplayer is a cancer ridden, micro transaction filled♥♥♥♥♥♥show as is expected from a "AAA" publisher. But the Single player is where the devs saved it. Not even the greedy, crooked hands of ActiVision can make it look bad in my eyes. Despite all the bad press the CoD franchise has gotten over the years, this SP campaign(I have not yet finished it as of writing this revew) has nothing in common with the previous ones. Its more akin to Mass Effect, withouth the RPG elements. Enen the flight mechanics I found to be quite enjoyable. But I still cannot justify giving ActiVision any money, no matter how good the developer that's being held hostage is. Get it on♥♥♥♥♥or something. This might be a controversial opinion but its one I stand behind, for "AAA" publishers at least.
Filled with bugs, when I try to change any settings, the game freezes....Matchmaking takes waaay to long, finding a server takes long, starting the game once you have a server takes forever!I wish I could say something good but I have been trying to play for almost an hour, still not a minute of playtime.
No words!
thx for nothing. You have destroyed one of the best games ever.
Worse game I have purchased, cost an arm and a leg then the game is just absolute garbage. Campaign garbage, played it for 2hours and couldn't play any longer. Multiplayer is full on hackers, that is if you can find a damn lobby. Zombies is still hosted peer to peer, so lag is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you get an online game, the easter egg is as annoying as catching a ♥♥♥♥ing wombat. Took me 25h or so to complete it, with over 10 attempts. Just don't buy the game, you will regret it if you do. Only way to play it is if you got a group of friends.- side noteI've heard CoD4 remastered is good, but it'd be nice IF THEIR WERE PLAYERS.instead of patching glitches and BANNING players for using GLITCHES, make the game "good" otherwise CoD will just die.Infinite Warfare Zombies is worse then Tranzit.
S H I T THIS GAME SUCK ON ALL POINTS OF VIEW. NO SERVER DEDICATED = LAG ALL DAY ALL TIME.
this game does NOT work, i strongly recommend that you do not invest your moneu into the game. Everytime i try to play the game it freezes with no explanation, no error codes nothing, just another poor cod pc game, 1/10 DO NOT BUY.
I bought the Legacy Edition for MW Remastered. Campaign for IW was better than expected although 75% of cutscenes were choppy and audio was also. Multiplayer/Zombies never worked.
They need to do something with the hackers!  The game is not fun to play with easier aim for Xbox and play station! If you remove all the hackers, you will see that Pc's do not have an advantage over the console.  Ok, I still played 517hrs but today a hacker really made this game terrible 63/3 and they do not know remove him.  What the hell are they ok with this aim assist! I just cancel my purchases of COD WWII which was worst then this one on beta! They should write a logarithm that would remove crazy scores that are impossible.
Input from the arrow keys is still bugged.  Game is unplayable for arrow key users without extra software.
Honestly my biggest regret of 2016.
Do not waste your time or money.The Single Player campaign is short and rather boring to be honest. Not worth the money at all. Most people play these games for the MP side and that is definitely a complete fail. There appears to little to no bans put in place for the tremendous amount of hackers out there. There is an option to report them but don't be fooled, nothing will be done about it at all. And that is of course if you can actually find a game. 124hr on record at time of writing this review and you can bet that at least 100hr of that would be trying to find a game (This can seriously take hours), trying to find a game without a hacker in it, trying to get into a game you know has spots available but fails to let you connect to host. Oh, don't bother trying to find anything other than TDM or HC TDM - they may take hours but you will be a skeleton before finding any other type of game. I tell you what, do yourself a favour and don't bother purchasing at all and save yourself hundreds of hours of frustration and boredom.
This game starts off with some serious promise, and I was very, very much excited for it. But alas, the interesting experiments and good ideas only have half a plot holding them together. The writing is prety terrible too, and it just gets worse the closer to the end you get. I didn't think it was possible for a campaign mode as short as Call of Duty's to drag, but this one somehow did.Luckily, Zombies mode is a whole lot of fun and I very much enjoy it, but ultimately you're probably better off getting Titanfall 2 than this. It isn't the worst game in the world but there exist far better ones.
The game itself is ok but the frustrating part is that I can never find a match in multiplayer.  I have let it sit for extended periods with no results. I did have a run where I could play Team Deathmatch but I have never gotten any other mode to find a match and join.  Typically 1 or 2 players will end up in the lobby with me and after a few minutes someone leaves.  I have tried on and off for the last couple of weeks and have not been able to find a singel game.  Battlefield has no issues connecting for MP so I have to assume its the game.  Anyway, very disappointed in this game.  May very well be the last COD game I buy for a long time.
Installed GameTried to run ZombiesFroze after cutsceneRestarted game, tried multiplayerCouldn't find a matchRestarted game, tried multiplayer againFound a match...froze on loading level.Tried single player...froze on loading screenUninstalled.Complete garbage of a game poorly ported to PC from console and doesn't even work!I more than meet the minimum requirements for this game, it's VERY poorly optimized.Don't waste your money...maybe it actually works on console?
The game is amazing but where is everyone? The wait times on multiplayer takes forever. The longest time waited is probably over ten minutes. Got fed up and switched to playing Titanfall2. I'm not planning on buying any map packs because when I did that for Black Ops 3 their wa's no one to be found playing the newer map packs in Hardcore and Regular Team Deathmatch. I do not plan to buy any future COD games unless PC players will be able to play with console players. As for the game itself, I enjoy playing it.Update: 2/11/2017To many users hacking (Aim Bot). Here is a list of users that I have encountered using it. I only place them on this list if I am certain that they are cheating i.e. kill cam. User: John Wick
2016 has been one of the best years for single-player shooter campaigns of the past decade. We’ve seen Doom, Titanfall 2, Gears of War 4, Battlefield 1, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided… and they're all better than Infinite Warfare’s campaign. It's not for want of something to differentiate it: this is a Call of Duty game where you fight in zero-G environments, and where you fly a spaceship called a Jackal and have a robot buddy called Ethan who is endearingly written. It should be awesome... but it’s mostly slow and plodding, and by the time the pace picks up there’s not enough game left to wash the disappointment of the first two-thirds out of your mouth.
waste of money both games
i have had nothing but issues with this game since the day i bought it. support is not even available to help at all. deffinetly the worst 60 bucks i spent my entire life! the game wont launch through steam or the created shortcuts or as admin. when it did launch (which was back on day 1 of purchase) the framerate went from 60fps to 11-13fps. I have not been able to play or fix these problems at all! i own a very fast computer and maintain it very well! i will never again purchase products from IW/ Activision/ Sledgehammer/ Treyarch again. My whole life all ive wanted to do is make games and work with these companies to bring the human imagination to reality for enjoyment beyond childhood. youve destroyed these dreams by your lack of support and horrible expiriences. any product after black ops 1 from the call of duty franhise has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ very little if any recomendations or needs from the community have been taken into account. these money hungry companies are going to bbe the ones to destroy gaming for all of us!
Biggest crock of CRAP!!!  Cheaters are every where and nothing be done about it. Waste of money!!!
yo fucc this pussi boy white boy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
HavenÂ´t found a single online match yet. wtf
Remastered is justâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥.90% campers with snipers lol Zombies only good modeThere is two players named newbreed and overtone that wall hack like crazy 4 months off there bs and nothing done â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ this game
Battlefield 1 just had a massiveâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ Call of Duty Infinite Warfare was born
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ Recieved a vac ban for being a part of someones glitch in zombies? Wtf Fak aff
No anti-cheat, infinity ward bad job, Raven good job on mwr
Hackers in everother match, bad connections , and poor optimization.
The game as a for the graphics and stability is great. But there is NO ONE really to play with unless you are playing TDM or Domination but even then its scarse. Its Sad to see the PC world bring brought down and us hardcore PC lovers wasting our money on a game we love but cant play everything its has to Offer as for that PC DOWNLOAD a DO NOT RECCOMEND. Also the Aim Bots are annoying.
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
Infinate Warfare atleast has better optimization than the Modern Warefare Remastereds Campaign.  Modern Warefare Remastered Campaign can't run at a constant 60fps at 1080p on a rig that has a gtx 970, i7 6700 (non-overclocked or unlocked), and 8gbs of ram.  So basicly don't buy this crappy game.
Truelly the worst cod ever made. It amazes me how every yeaer the games just get worse and worse. No one is playing this filth and those who are make me want to tear my eyes out. Poorly balanced. Bad map design. Bad experience. Because of this game I've become religious, perhaps if I summon satan he can relieve my suffering.
Unmitigated disaster. Story is week, and the whole game feels like the same machine just churning out copies year after year. Go and play Titanfall 2 instead so much better!
not good game, regretting i bought it :( no more preorders.
MW4 Remastered is riddled with bugs and FPS drops. If thats the only reason youre picking this game up, dont bother, just buy the original.
probably the worst cod everjust bought it for cod 4 remasterd. kind of a rip off but who cares.. it´s cod 4.dont buy IW
I bought this game just 3 days ago and  it was Fu****ing trash i dont even know how games say 10/10 or 5/5 when the game is complete Sh** the only thing "infinite" about it is that it is a waste of money
This game is dead nobody plays, only interesting mode is the zombies, add me if u want to play zombies.
The call of duty remastered servers have been dead since the first day this game came out.. why would you not realease the game stand alone so that more people can get cod remastered instead of infinite warfare which is complete trash.. This will be the last time I ever purchase a Call Of Duty.
Dont waste your money on an uncompleted game! They keep updating the game but dont finish it! NO LEADERBOARDS! NO EMBLEM EDITOR! NO ANTI-CHEAT! WHY CANT WE LINK OVER TO STEAM PLAYER PROFILES? CANT CHECK FELLOW PLAYERS FOR VAC-BANS? They add COD  POINTS to sucker us for more money! They added MKII weapons which are the same previous weapons from before but with new crappy features! We want new weapons! New maps! New game modes! WE WANT MORE PEOPLE TO ACTUALLY PLAY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME! EVERY GAME PAST BLACK OPS 2 HAS BEEN♥♥♥♥♥♥ GO BACK TO BASICS INFINITY WARD! BOOTS ON THE GROUND! LESS NOOB WEAPONS! NO PAYLOAD WEAPONS! NO JETPACKS! NO WALL RUNNING! GIVE US A GAME THAT IS ACTUALLY CHALLENGING! ALLOW SKILLED PLAYERS TO DISPLAY THEIR TALENTS!
ffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk his game
I would rate this up if i could actually find players for zombies -_-
I cannot believe I'm saying this about CALL OF DUTY :I love it. it's fun. but it takes forever to join an online match!!I don't know why you don't add server browsing to the game?!I play Battlefield 1 with no problem and join server easily. I was a fan of COD but with this servers, NOT ANYMORE!this game has a lot of mode in online but believe me just TDM and Domination will work SOMETIMES!!!I don't recommend this game for an online game unless they add server browsing to the game.:O
Don't even play IW but Modern Warfare Remastered is cool, looks cool, but it has too many bugs and just no support from Activision/Raven. Thank god they activated VAC a few days ago but still.... fix your game(s). Maybe make MWR stable instead of only thinking about the money you make from this♥♥♥♥♥♥game because your reputation at this moment is not quite good.
PLSS.. Sledgehammer save cod !BTW this game is sucks
Mind-numbing.  It remembers everything you've ever done so you can never replay it.  Idiotic quest lines.  Stupid combat scenarios.  Moronic unskippable cut-scenes every 8 seconds.  But pretty good combat mechanics - in utter isolation.  Yep, it's a Call of Duty game, all right.  If you've got both Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Attention Deficit Disorder, then this is right up your alley.
the games ok but since the latest update i cant play any more and no one gives a rats♥♥♥♥♥that i cant get back on after the dam game ♥♥♥♥ed up after i downloaded there ♥♥♥♥ing dam update
dont buy it. not worth it. bought the retail standard copy and cant even upgrade to the legacy to get remastered
on my game and it wont lode and i payed £30 and i wanT my monny back
I was very surpirsed when I realized my COD 4 remastered also came with a COD 12 remastered in which I again played against rebellious bots. Except some minor bugs which basically ruins everything and make you replay the whole chapter again, and the scenes in which the bots kepts pomping out and you have no idea where to go or what to do and the game doesn't give you any detailed hints at all, it can still be considered good as a gift. But I would rather have just the remastered MW for the next one.
I bought this game with a lot of doubts..now my worst fear has come true, i shoulve bought black ops 3...I played the campaign and it was great, good story and fun play .then i went to multiplayer and theres barely people playing online...zombies ???? i mean i need to wait sometimes half an hour for people to join in...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
Just buy Battlefield 1/Black ops 3.
Singleplayer: Boring, can't be bothered to force myself to complete it.Zombies: No splitscreen? WTF were you thinking infinity ward?Multiplayer: Hackers everywhereTorture would be more fun than playing more of this game.
Runs ok. just a junk game
Infinite Ward needs to have they're COD privileges revoked.Worst COD i've ever played...leave it to treyarch.
Absolute trash, it lagged even on medium with a 1050ti 16gb ram and a X4 860K
theworst spend 59 eu 1 i tryed play zombies that thing shows up the pakckage is no longer availabe
Campers, cheaters, dlc weapon spam... why even
THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥ THAT IS ALL.
I buy every cod games since mw1, i'm tired of this s h i t. ♥♥♥♥ Actvision. RIP COD. Pro: - NothingCons:- Supply Drops- Futuristic piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥br>- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Movements- Cheaters- Only TDM playable- ♥♥♥♥ing Glitches everywhere- ♥♥♥♥ing "Click here to buy 237894 Dlcs or CoD points"Then you think at least you got Modern Warfare Remastered right?They ♥♥♥♥ing ruined even the best call of duty, they added supply drops, and ♥♥♥♥ING KNIFES and all leading to them add new guns via supply drops. They manage to ♥♥♥♥ed up even a REMASTERED game. I regret buying this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ do NOT Buy.Call of Duty is DEAD Activision let it rest in peace.
The game is crap now that no one ever plays it. No one even plays the Gun Game ever
I bought Modern Warfare Remastered. Got this Game for free.I played it.I thought about commiting SodokuUninstalled.Started MWRHad a fun time.
Total waste of money! Can't play FFA...no players! Can't pick server..so only playing against ramped up players and don't have a chance to level up! Took the remastered COD4 package ..also total waste of money. I thought remastered would just mean improved rendering of maps...not a change to allocated servers, where again I can rarely get into any game. Yes, i know I'm in Australia, but with original Cod4 I could play with small numbers on similar pings if i wanted! The last time I buy Activision!!!
If you've played Black Ops 3 and you just want to experience the next COD multiplayer, then yeah, go ahead and try this. It's nothing really new  though, so don't expect the most wonderfully refreshing experience.  Pros: It's Call of Duty just like the last one         It's totally playable with a Gamepad to the point where you don't feel at a disadvantage to the M&K ppl         There are some really sweet guns in this one; Like a sniper that has an assault rifile mode.          Cons: There is no anti-cheat system, and there are a lot of aimbot guys playing on a regular basis.           They're continuing the awful trend from the most recent COD titles with COD points for "a chance" to get weapons           Not enough custmizability for gamepads .. specifically no toggle hold breath while sniping feature            For some very odd reason, there are no free for all matches availaible.. or anything else that isn't Hardcore TDM. In summary, It's not a bad game. I like it.. and while I do enjoy playing it, I very much loathe the way that they keep adding an abundance of weapon skins every update without adding new weapons. This decreases your chances of ever getting a weapon in a supply crate whether you paid for cod points or you used the points you earned while playing. They've taken a few pages out of the mobile free to play handbook and it's annoying. If you still want to get this game, I strongly recommend putting it on your wishlist and waiting until it's on sale. I haven't purchased the season pass either and my gaming experience hasn't been affected. I'd rate this a 5/10; and I honestly feel ike giving it a one since they wanna be all cash grabby. As it is now, I say No.. Don't waste your money. Definitely buy it someday if they make all the weapons unlockable content that you can just play the game and earn like the good ol days.
10: Spends 20 minutes trying to just find a lobby for TDM20: Finally finds one after what felt like an eternity30: Countdown goes to 1, then "Unable to connect"40: Go to 10NOTE: I have a good Ethernet connection but this still happensIf you're looking for a decent campaign and zombies mode then you could definitely do worse than this, but multiplayer is atrocious and just feels like a bad mix of Titanfall and BO3
the game keeps crashing so.... not recommended
♥♥♥♥ing people using obvious aimbots everywhere who go 70/4. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
CANCER
it's just a supply drop bro
where are the cod points for pc??
There are 2 main reasons i play this, Campaign and ZombiesZombies:Basically its Treyarch zombies copy and pasted and thats fine with me.Campaign:Great so far but 3 words: OPeration Burn Waterduring the second part of the mission you fly into space where a bug occurs causing you to die and not be able to progress so untill its patched im prob not recomending it
-WARNING READ BEFORE YOU BUY PC VERSION-                                                                                                CoD Is Not A PC Friendly franchiseWARFACE is Free2play and it is fun once you get the hang of it. Right now we got the gun glove  and its hilarious as well as deadly. Go make a feeler account dont spend anything on it then when you get the hang of it make your legit account its free and dumps on IW. If you spend what you would spend on this you wwould have a doped out account. You can play the america and europe servers on steam otherwise the russian server is the dankest server.    This game feels like a couple highschool kids got the CoD game engine and reskinned it using their iphones over the course of a 3 day weekend. This is either an epic failure or an intentional scam, with the lack of any attempt to address anyone of these listed issues leans my belief that it is an intentional scam. Infinity Ward are schiester dirt merchant crooks1st You can only use steam community to play with even if you buy the 6 disc hard copy or you can get win10 store version which is an isolated community from steam so its even more dead than the steam community version which is nearly dead2nd there is no anti cheat and there is no staff to ban hackers you can report in game or go online and submit reports but there is nobody working there they do not ban at all. People are openly hacking and using software lag switch they are using modded controllers to have increased fire rate and they dont have anything to fear its unmonitored. I searched COD IW PC cheats and the company pops right up apparently they had hacks ready 30mins after the initial release so if you want to compete with hackers add the cost of hacks.3rd This is the laggiest online shooter i have ever played, im not a cheapskate i got a dope rig that surpasses any game out i have highspeed gaming internet package NO TV just bandwith for gaming i upgraded to a cat 7 i have the least amount of input lag possible 144hz 1ms 1080p and i have tried the lowest of settings and its no different put the gtx 1070 gaming Z on OC mode running @1999-2025mhz4th graphics in game have minimal improvements from the last game if at all5th its already a dead community finding matches 24/7 like back in the day on console does not exist i assume with the low performance the lag and unchecked cheaters it basically is a self destructing community that boils down to a few hundred active accounts that are divded into 2 groups "The Hackers" and "The Prey" if you dont like cheating than you will just be the expense to some moraless dogs amusement 6th as alluded to previously there is NO staff to find out about updates to fix this pos NO banning of hackers or anything at all. They need to recall this defective product and return everyones money7th You buy the base copy for $60 then they want $50 more for the season pass to access the full game and they have moved into the free2play pay2win catagory so know you get default guns and each gun has upto 10 versions that go from common to epic. If you want OP guns get ready to buy COD points the ingame currency that has a horrible exchange rate and then its a gamble system so you will get duplicates and just garbage this is a total scam.8th They stole the Warface slide and the Warface pay2win gambling system to bilk the community to death. Warface from 2013 is superior in graphics and fluidity although WF is infested with hackers and lag cheaters they at least had a continual system of banning unknown hundreds of thousands of accounts and introduced ping limitations. COD IW PC does not deal with this at all9th Random game crashes then the relaunch asks if you want to play in safemode, also another random problem when playing the game degrades to like 30fps and another random problem when launching it goes into an indefinite "player profile search" have to close steam and relaunch everything10th Origin Battlefield has its own platform to launch yet COD does not you have to use steam which really grinds my gears. Crytek is a horrible company worst management on earth the devs wouldnt get paid for months at a time yet they still were working fixing bugs adding content streaming communicating and they have their own launcher. These guys at COD are the worst in the business for PC. 11th they have controller with auto aim option which is different than aimbot but essenially its a neutered version and you should know if you want to use sniper rifles you have to use controller with auto aim. This is the most unacceptable aspect of the game in the PC world, a precision mouse and well placed headshots are a competive and respectable skill so the physics of bullets is still console based you can see it on the kill cams. Also the mouse system is absolute trash in here you really need to buy an xbox 1 controller with pc adapter to aim assist so another cost  12th Killstreaks are to OP i got the best ones from care package 13th Spawns are still the worst in the business 14th No weapon balance shotguns have crazy range but they are limited in actually hit reg past 10 meters ingame scale zero hit marks and snipers can camp like most games but when inclose you can shoot em 2-3 hits with the "volk" and they still pull off a quickscope 1 hit kill too many lame abilities like teleporting mid battle more skilless garbage there is an actual wall hack ability 15th Zombies is why i finally bought this i love the retro 80's theme, but again the graphics and fps and visual processing is really just broken yet still running. The collision with zombies sends you rubberbanding all around its really awful nothing like the console versions. 16th looking left to right the fluidity of the background is so bad i mean really really bad its so noticeable, the depth of field is not there the motion blur and focal points have no detail. My buddies xbox looks better and thats not suppossed to be every other game i have my PC version just dumps on his console for graphics details fluidity from GTA 5 maxed out running super smooth to the battlefield games every other instance he was blown away by the dramatic improvement on PC master raceBeware of fake thumbs up reviews, these people have a few hours in the game and are lying about the overall quality and lack of hackers these are just like "Fake News"watch the movie "grandmas boy" these so called developers live by that infamous line "what if we just render them a different color?" its cosmetic cancer they spent all their time on calling cards and camo. They made a few base models of the armors and just change the colorss on them. I have concluded this is a lazy desperate scam to get rich quick its a negcleted and abandoned beta at best with the most unjustifyed costs associated with it in all of gaming history!This better be the last infinity ward COD ever these people need to be black balled from the gaming industry really this is consumer fraud a class action lawsuit could get us some compensation for this scamâ–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–€â–€â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–„â–€â–€â–€â–€â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–„â–„â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–‘â–ˆâ–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–�â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–�â–�â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–„â–‘â–�â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–„â–€â–€â–‘â–�â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–„â–€â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–�â–‘â–„â–„â–€â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–„â–€â–‘â–‘â–‘â–�â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–„â–€â–‘â–�â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–‘â–‘â–‘â–�â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–„â–‘â–ˆâ–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–„â–‘â–‘â–€â–„â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–„â–€â–�â–‘â–ˆâ–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–ˆâ–�â–€â–€â–€â–‘â–€â–€â–€â–€â–‘â–‘â–�â–‘â–ˆâ–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–�â–ˆâ–�â–„â–‘â–‘â–€â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–�â–‘â–ˆâ–„â–„â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–€â–€â–‘â–„ cod iwâ–„â–„â–‘â–‘â–�â–„â–„â–„â–€â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘â–‘
There is a bug in Operation Burn Water that Activisin apparently has no interest in fixing so you can't proceed past that point.   Beware!!! Avoid this game until this gets fixed...
Bought this game for cod4 remastered.i expected alot from it but got 0.1.no promod2.no ranked mode3.no mode without killstreak ♥♥♥♥♥4.who da ♥♥♥♥ bought this game for better graphics5.same amount of cheaters as on old cod4developers deserve to be put in jail for this i swear.this is scam of year.
It's a solid, entertaining game. I like to play with bots on it and get some "juggernaut" medals once in a while. Would give it a neutral review if it was possible though.Pro's:1. Classic guns are back (UMP-45 as a MacTav-45. SPAS-12 as S-Ravage, named after one of the greatest CoD youtubers ever: Sandy Ravage. S-Ravage needs a major buff however. Other than that, classy move from Infinity Ward to name a gun after this legendary man.)2. MOAB/Nuke is back (De-Atomizer Strike for someone that doesn't know), let's you have something to hunt once in a while.3. It has some good remastered maps (ex: Genesis is a Strikezone remake for those who didn't know, and Terminal of course) 4. Gun-crafting is good addition. 5. It has bots (I am more of offline player, but I do play a few online matches here and there to get some salvage for those dang De-atomizer guns) Con's: 1. It's not possible to make a 9vs9 match ín private match. 6v6 is your biggest bet in Private lobbies.2. It doesn't have my favorite game mode (squads - wargame) like Ghosts had. It was great! I don't like online playing.3. You have to grind online to get those salvage points/keys to either craft your weapons or get them in a supply drop. Microtransactions are there, you can buy those advanced supply drops or whatever those are called to get bonus salvage points.4. You can't have more than "10 selections" in your weapon classes even on a private match! There's no option to change the amount of selections (like BO2, AW, and BO3 had). Hey come on! It's a private match which has nothing to do with your ranking, K/D Ratio etc. Infinity Ward could have allowed you to have 17-20 choices per class on private match (per stipulations set on game options of course) 5. Shotguns are terrible and need a buff (S-Ravage first and foremost), it's not ok that you have to go right in front or behind of someone to get one shot kill. Shotguns should be a viable choice against SMG's atleast in my opinion. Also it's animation is slow as hell. 6. De-atomizer strikes are only on a certain various of CERTAIN guns, so no if you were to get a 25-killstreak with S-Ravage. You won't get crap for it. Except "brutal" metal or whatever it is :DAfter all, I recommend this game if you're looking for different kind of entertainment than classic boots on the ground CoD. But if you're looking for a Call of Duty game, stay out of this one. I cannot recommend this as a long time CoD fan to any of CoD fans. I seriously hope CoD: WW2 has great optimization and is good game overall. But this game receives a thumbs down from me. It's basicly the lame version of Black Ops 3, only having a different developer.Get it on sale, do not waste 60 bucks of your money to this!Overall: 6/10
So trash. Never has a game made me want to kms this much ever. 0/10 do not buy plz,
This game doesnt run on my computer. I had a laptop with a GTX 1070 and the game ran just fine, but that laptop had defective parts so I returned it. I got a new one and the game crashes a few minutes after, ive contacted Ubisoft, they gave me many steps in order to diagnose the problem and it still doesnt work. They have stopped replieng to thread. Complete waste of money and time.
horible
This game is ok. No better or worse than black ops 3. The players however are absoluteâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ I've ran into more than 30 hackers over my time with this game and it pisses me off to no ends because of the 3000 people playing thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥on pc 1000 are hackers, 1000 are gods of pc gaming with aimbot like aim and reaction times and the rest are noobs and make teams lose. â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ this game
:(
Monotonous and boring. Infinity Ward has sadly lost its mojo and the magic of the original franchise seems to be gone.
Balance the weapons: Reaver , R3KT. and its worse variant R3K  Remove Ebr-800.
i tried to give the base game a chance i really did but its just such a ♥♥♥♥ing mess first off try getting into a game other then team deathmatch and see how ♥♥♥♥ing long it takes you not to mention this ♥♥♥♥ing microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thats even in the remastered i cant i hate this game so ♥♥♥♥ing much with this slidy slidy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and double uzi crap thatl make you want to throw your computer across the room do yourself a favor and dont buy this garbage
PC  version has arrow bug, that means if i push f.e. forward and then i want to strafe right my character won't move.So i can't play the game decent :-(
Is a fun game sadly barely no one plays it almost and no anti cheat vac...
A just bunch of scripts, which doesnt work. Im not willing to repeat whole level, coz some AI is not able to open door for me - (Operation port armor). Also last time when i had to shut down the antivir to even load the game was four years ago. Well done Activision, well done. Legacy edition: MWR was fine to play again after that years
You can buy this only for sp.
bought the game, have no audio at all.
I love sci-fi, but this...Enemies that automatecly aims, target or otherwise follow you and ignore all other things, is creating a run and never stand still behind cover like a normal soldier and advance strategy.The story?? mars as the bad guy and earth as good. Been there done that, dejavu.This is the worst game in the series so far, but it could have been the best as you rid yourself of all we are americans and we are always op. But no they went for that once again. apart from the standar clishe american ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t soldier talk and values, the game lacks depth in the story, not only how mars became so powerful, but the story in general is told in a very lacking way.negative:-story lacking depth-invisible becon on you so enemies always target you as primary-american soldier ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-lvl unlocking weapons in a single player-your team of 2-8 people always survive dispite taking on 200 soldiers-lack of female soldiers "mars only use 50% of their population apparently"-bullets does not hurt huge botts in any way despite joints that makes it move is armored in kevlar or similar material, and   electric/energy weapons use emp effect, "metal is a conductor" -flares in space (are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me)-warping huge ships makes a strategic nightmare for the story as a whole.-surviving in space with depleted oxygen-blow it all up, must happen every 5 seconds to keep the game interesting to not reveal the shorthcomings of the story.positive:-ship design-use of mission locations-design of planets vs reallity-use of ai in botts, and their role in humanity (exsept your teammate aka shitbott)The worst thing is that with a little bit of moderation, and no use of the american value and ♥♥♥♥♥alk. no america vs dictator. This would be a very good game, but they put sadam on mars and bush in geneve.new wikipedia entry: infinite warfare = when you play 2-8 mission in a call of duty game an realise you never gonna play it to the finnish.
i dont know what happened to call of duty.....
Stay away from this waste of money. its crap. the community is trash. Ive played what 100 hours, i have faced off againt maby 300 different people in all that time.  20 of which i know are hackers and have reported constantly.  Too this day they hack....   Cough* SPEG BOG Cough*.   If call of duty doesnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about stopping hackers im not gunna give to ♥♥♥♥♥ about this abomination of a game.  Side note the single player is a redeaming faeture. if only that had choices and multiple routes....
Waste money. poor optimization
This game is worst in the Call of Duty history
This product is a real failure. I knew Infinite warfare was completely bullcrap, but the "remastered" version of modern warfare litteraly left me shocked.INFININTE WARFARE: Same futuristic bullcrap features, bad optimized even for a gtx 960 nvidia geoforce. Mechanics are casuals (i don't mean players), if  you use an accurate gun probably that will recoil like heck! and if you play with an high recoil weapon that probably will have less recoil compared than the "accurate" gun. Futuristic game, but slow movements, cause a cod player can only aim for slowed/still targets (very pro this community).MODERN WARFARE "REMASTERED": Bad optimized (of course, same graphic engine of other games but still heavy for no reason), mechanics are different from the original MW, cause you haven't unlimited sprint, you can kill easily with 3 hits (if you are lucky, due of random damage ticks from weapons). For this reason the game encourages people CAMP, using snipers that can always oneshot you, play in corners with juggernog + submachine guns and much more pathetic "tactics" to kill someone. Camping will reward these scrubs with the INFAMOUS rewards, 3 kills uav, 5 kills airstrike and 7 kills the unbalanced helicopter (automatic and 3 shot hit kill). With these rewards you don't need to face enemies no more, the rewards will do all the work, you don't need to kill anymore.MICRO DLCS: I can understand Infinite warfare, cause is an already rotten brand, but why put these bullcrap microtransactions even on Modern warfare remastered?!? This game is a "remastered", not a new game, this means you can't put this garbage even on an iconical old game. Activi$ion never lose the bad habit.MY VOTE IS 2/10. Atleast black ops 3 had working mechanics, good aim system and decent moving physics, these two games sucks on this aspect. Congratulations Activi$ion, you ridiculed one of the titles that made you famous so long ago. p.s: im not English, i used english for this review only for comunity knowledge.
This game is the definition of S**T. On PC it runs like complete aids because they didn't give a f**k about PC players. It is good on cosole, I payed £60 for this peice of s**t game and they f*****g ruined it. If I could refund it I would, please don't buy this game I am warning you now!
Despite the reviews, the game pleasently surprised me. I understand the primary guffs about the game - the greedy packaging of MWR with the main game plus how far into the future the game went - despite the community's protests. However, I consider the base maps of the main game to be superior in quality to those of BO3  [at least - mind you - the base ones. I have not purchased the season pass]. Zombies mode also received a definite improvement. The 80s theme was a nice and well fleshed-out touch. The installs are rather large, though, with the install space being ~130 GB for both MWR and RW. I feel as if this game were released before [or in place of / before] BO3, the community would have appreciated it more. Something to keep in mind - there is a rather small community; earlier in the day I had difficulty finding matches. In the evening, though, they were a lot easier to find [in IW/zombies. MWR seemed to have quite a bit more stable of a population]. The benefit of said smaller population, however, is that I have yet to run into a child that has slept with my mother.###EDIT###It's a great game but IW is doing JACK♥♥♥♥♥♥about hackers. The campaign and zombies are good, and the multiplayer WOULD be, but it's not because there's blatant hackers that know activision won't do anything. After a few more hours, I realized I had to flip the review.
This game scientifically gives you ♥♥♥♥ing CANCER, the 21 or so hours I spent playing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game made me lose brain cells, playing this game is like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on your grandma it is fun at first then it starts to just become sad and you realize that you paid $60 to♥♥♥♥♥♥on your grandma and you got no enjoyment out of it. I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to pay $60 dollar for a♥♥♥♥♥♥overused dead genre of a game.
I spent 20 dollars on this game, and it's the worst 20 dollars I have ever spent.I wish I could refund this. I really, really wish I could. I got instantly bored after my first kill. It plays and feels no different from Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warfare. I hoped this game would bring something new to the table, but it all feels the same.The zombies are nice, though.
not as bad as i had expected, although i still support the fact battlefield one is better as they actually did what people wanted
-HOST created games. (Lag and more lag)-Poorly optimized. (my pc: i7 4,4ghz, 970GTX, 16gb ram, SSD)-Cant find anything els then TDM and DOM gamemodes.-No leaderboards still, they told it was gonna be in December absolut at the latest.-IW dont listen to the community.-IW dont know how to balance weapons or killstreaks etc. (eather they pull the lever to max or nerf it to bitsReguarding cheater sure there are some here and there but not as many some ppl are saying there is. (ive seen 5-7 in total)FOTNOTE:1,046 playing 28 min ago / 2,195 24-hour peak
Huft, where to start ...1. Short, forgetable campaign,   a. there are no reason what so ever to take the story to space. the first call of duty that when i play it i feel like i want to stop playing it. It's the same cliché story masked as 'the same "boots on the ground campaign"' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  b. the AAA actor in the story. It makes the story short because of budget allocation thing and the actor would only acts as poster boy instead having actual decent story. Stop, invest in the story writing departement.  c. It's ♥♥♥♥ing boring. kill a lot of side character in the last mission. oh no, i was supposed to care ? and a ♥♥♥♥ing achievement to listen to their 'last message' ? ♥♥♥♥ing come on  d. Copy and paste weapon model. 'It would feel familiar' like AK copy, AR copy, Spas copy, Vector copy masked as 'probable future design' i mean, talking about lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ And 2-in-1 impractical sniper rifle ? ♥♥♥♥ing come on2. Multiplayer and microtransaction,  a. 'tactical movement system to move more tactically'  b. recent trash items update. Cash grab move to made up to sell potential loss. More items, less chance to get desired items, bought more♥♥♥♥♥♥from us.  c. Pay-to-win model. Supply drop exclusive items w/ advantage.  d. 'but you can grind the game to get the items' defence. you will play the game as 'intended' and 'waste' your precious time ? I don't think so.  Just don't buy this game, its utter♥♥♥♥♥♥hearted product. At first i thought, "this might be cool, this is the closest thing to mass effect i'll get before mass effect release in march". Nope, boring short campaign w/ easily forgettable cannon fodder characters. I try to stay positive and give this game a chance. I got suckered out of my 60 bucks. Thank god i didn't give them more money by buying the Modern Warfare Remastered bundle.
Man a whole 3 people play infinite warfare!!! thats awesome! this call of duty set records for sales apparently. Well thats probably the biggest bull♥♥♥♥♥♥sceme ive ever heard. theres maybe 20 people who play remastered and they only play tdm. The 3 people on infinite warfare also only play tdm. Thankyou again Call of Duty for reminding me why i dont buy your games!!! :) :) :) cod youre some scamming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
The visal afects are great, but there is alot of down sides to this game1.  campaign was to small2.  I have a gtx1060 6Gb and game still is jumpy and sound crackes All up still a great game to play but campaign is to small and video and sound issuies5 out of 10 for me
bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥tbh fam
game sucks dont buy it
This game sucks, honestly, I cant even get it to get past the space bar.  I havent been able to play, and because its loading is been over 2 hrs of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I can't get my money refunded.. What a damn joke!
Awful, boring, gay
So they add 700 new items but still no leaderboards? Not to mention this game has NO anti cheat practically. People run around rampant with aimbots and walls but never get banned. Save your money for that sole reason alone, if they end up implementing VAC or any decent anti-cheat then I'd recommend it. But as of now, not even a little.
Only halfway decent due to the good zombie map. Otherwise save your money. The multiplayer is beat so badly they should rename it dead horse. Titanfall has it taken by a landslide in terms of optimization and overall feel. No splitscreen like BO3, graphics are pretty meh and the singleplayer is a glitch factory. They have been super slow to update the game and have a hard time listening to their fan-base. Infinity ward hasnt made a good COD since MW2. Treyarchs COD games are way more optimized and they have features like the store and splitscreen. All in all this game has been a huge disappointment. I really hope they add splitscreen/local play at least to zombies and those at the very least continue with the DLC (got duped into a season pass) to be decent. PS No anti-cheat..... you f****** crazy infitity ward?
HOW DARE YOU â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING WASTE MY $60! I WANTED TO â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING PLAY MW LIKE BACK IN THE DAY AND NOW THERE'S NO ONE â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING PLAYING IT. ONLY DURING THE â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING DAY WHEN I'M BUSY STUDYING! â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ YOU! I WANT MY â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING MONEY BACK!MAYBE IF YOU WEREN'T SO â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING STUPID YOU WOULD KNOW TO SELL MW SEPARATE FROM THIS AUTISTIC ADHD PIECE OF â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥INGâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥IW! IT DOESN'T MAKE ANY â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING BUSINESS SENSE TO SELL A CLASSIC REMASTERED AS PART OF A â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING DEAL TO GET ME TO MAYBE PLAY THIS PIECE OFâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥IW. MY WIFE SPENT $20 ON THIS AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT SO I COULD RELAX AFTER QUITTING MY â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING JOB AS A RESEARCH LACKY FOR MY PROFESSOR. NOW I HAVEâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥SHIT TO LOOK FORWARD TO THAT COST ME TOO MUCH â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING MONEY TO ENJOY!THE PRICE OF ENTRY IS â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥THE MARKETING STRATEGY IS â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥THE FANBASE IS â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥THE GRAPHICS ARE FANTASTICIF YOU'RE GOING TO DO SOMETHING RIGHT, DO IT â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING NOW.
Left an exploit in the game that, when it was discovered, gave the exploiters as many keys as they want. Patched the exploit and gave out 48 hour bans. Decided the exploiters can keep their ill-gotten gains and just walk away keyless and salvage-less. Also dropped a metric â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ton of stuff into the supply drop in the same fell swoop. Please, just stay away. At this point even Zombies isn't a good enough selling point.EDIT 2/14/17: The game got bricked with an almost 7GB update that completely threw off the matchmaking(IW: What's a balanced match up?) and made every way of playing Solo Zombies, giving a constant "Lost connection to host" when you launch a solo match or a one man custom match.
If you're looking to buy this game for zombies pls just buy bo3 and play custom maps and the dlc zombies on there. Also the MWR actually isnt even close to what originally made cod 4 a good game. Dont waste your money pls.
So how could you describe this game?Well for me:-The Story was my taste, the atmosphere was really something else because of the danger in technology and the enemies itsself. But typical CoD. Short and not much to explore beside the main and side quests.-Zombies is great. Just the first Map and I couldnÂ´t believe how it has reminded me of playing Black Ops 2 with Friends on Alcatraz. The Style and combination of enemies, envoirment and guns is just gorgeous.Now the biggest Part. The Multiplayer.There`s not much for me to say than it was just a pain in the a** to even try it out. But here is a list-Maps are looking good in my opinion-The "classes" had some good inventions which I liked-Creating your own class just how you want is here again something really good-Too fast in my opinion, Advanced Warfare and Black ops 3 did it right with the fast pace. I have problems to get warm with this fast pace and I played games like S4League and the other Call of DutyÂ´s and had no problem to get in it after some time-the community is really rigged, if you lose you will get spammed with rekt or something other childish, if you win you will be called a noob because of that and so on.....-the supply drop system is destroying everything, weapons are getting just favored because they have again a skin that buffs it so good that itÂ´s almost impossible to win. especially the mps have so much advantage against rifles, if you can hit with it most of the time you win firerate is everything heremaybe itÂ´s just my opinion and my style of games I play right now but this game is no real CoD with that what the community want. So why have I bought it? I just like to play some CoD from time to time and also because of the remaster. I wouldnÂ´t recommend it for anyone who wants a good sequel for the last CoD wonÂ´t be happy with this in my opinion. If you get this game for some low price and you want some casual fun, think about it. I can say that IÂ´m depply disappointed in that game.Sorry for any mistakes but I wanted to write it in english for everyone.
I've played through the whole campaign, with all the side missions, and it was really well made. an amazing story line and character build, not glitchy at all, for me. The multiplayer isn't that great bacause all the weapons feel like they kill you in 2 shots, aswell as the balancing between most of everything (guns, rigs aka new specialists, perks etc) is HORRIBLE. one smg kills you in 3 shots and has 40 in the clip and an assault rifle kills you in 5 and has 15 rounds in the mag. I guess it's balanced since they don't have as much drop of. which doesn't â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing matter since maps are 2 meters in diamiter.The zombies is actually a lot better than i expected yet not as good as I would have wanted. it was fun and all but the perks had wierd names and it wasn't as exciting as the other zombies games and easter eggs are.the graphics are really good and it's smoothly animated. everything has a really good feel to it. but the negetives defidently out weigh the posetives in terms of gameplay. not graphics. graphics have very few issues. if you have high FOV it can be clippy. but mostly on your arms.I would still recommend the game IF you are a hardcore cod player and- or fan. I rate it 5/10 because that's basically what the community rates it. -EDIT-I don't recommend getting if for MWR only. the remaster is really good and all but the price isn't good just for the remaster. Hope this helped. xoxo wiggly
meh... dont love it dont hate it
meh... dont love it dont hate it
No one to play online
Terribad. Hardest part of the game was the lobby waiting.
I am very disapointed as time after time i cannot get onto a game, server times out, non secure connection and having to migrate to a new host , etc etc etc  i cant play this game online when i have the time  as i cant get a blooming game......., if i could get my money back i would its an  unreliable frustrating mess .
Its Decent game but there alot of problems the frame rate always drops feels like your playing in slow motion and gets quite laggy and there alot of bugs in the game if that gets fixed I would recommend it
The game has a lot of issues and is currently not being supported by the devloper whatsoever. MWR is a buggy mess with match making problems and it is tough to find a game. If you like only playing TDM or domination and having the game randomly drop frames all and time and is never updated then this is the game for you. I had high hopes for infinite warfare and MWR but this just killed any last hope i had for the whole call of duty franchise.
Das spiel startet bei mir garnicht und das einzige was funktionieren tut ist, dass sich ein fenster öffnet mit keinem Bild und nur ton zu hören ist. Bei MW1 Multiplayer ist es genauso und will überhaupt nicht starten. Nur die Story funktioniert. Ich habe alles versucht es irgendwie zu retten aber fehlanzeige. 43,99€ umsonst weggehauen!!! es wäre ja inordnung wenn es nach spätere zeit nicht mehr funktioniert ABER beim Anfang wo ich es zum ersten mal instaliere. Ne sry aber null verstendnis dafür!!! :C
DO NOT BUYmultiplayer is crapcampain is decentMW:R is perfectstill not worth the money.
Atrocious game.It's basically Black Ops 4, which isn't a bad thing in its own right but they could have at least put some effort and creativity into making this one unique.The game stutters so bad I can barely move no matter what settings I use on my GTX 970. Black Ops 3 used to have the same problem, but at least that game stopped stuttering after the first match, this one just keeps going and going and going. It actually ruins the experience completely it's so bad, it's not like my framerates bad, it's usually at the 91 fps cap which on its own is a stupid decision.The playerbase is toxic, stupid, full of denial, and ♥♥♥♥ING TINY, good luck finding a game of anything but TDM.You're probably going to be playing with the same lobby of players over and over again for your entire experience.The connection in every game is horrible and they decided for some stupid reason to revert to P2P connections which makes it even worse when the game ends up pairing you with a host in EUROPE when you live in CANADA without fail EVERY SINGLE LOBBY. There's a reason they disabled the ping bars, if you saw the numbers you would ♥♥♥♥ing puke.The fact that they set the tickrate to 20Hz doesn't help either, you will get shot around walls, by people who aren't even around corners yet, and by people whose models and animations aren't even in sync with your game.And like I said, playing anything but core TDM is virtually impossible, I've sat searching for a dom lobby for hours and never even got a single player.The team balancing system if one of the most braindead attempts at skill based balance I have ever seen. There are two groups, above average players, and lobotomites listening to max volume rap cussing out half the lobby every time someone has the audacity to do so much as cough at a moderate volume near them. If you are in the former category you will always be placed alone with a team of lobotomites and expected to carry against another player of the same group and his or her team of lobotomites, the problem here is there is no distinction from pretty good to sweaty anime lover good so you will find yourself in game after game of getting stomped simply because the game refuses to place you on a team with anyone else who can compete with the enemy carry.Like I said the community is incredibly stupid, there are frequently people who, for some reason that is completely out of my ♥♥♥♥ing comprehension as a normal human with an intact frontal lobe, manage to go into their options, turn push to talk OFF by MANUALLY SELECTING VOICE ACTIVATION DETECTION, proceed to COMPLETELY FORGET ABOUT IT, and will sit there in game after game with their loud dubstep, EDM, and rap blasting into the mic that they bought at the dollarama for five bucks while taking to their mother about weather or not they want roast beef or chicken tendies for dinner. It is obnoxious and if they aren't doing that, they're usually just loud belligerent man children that talk constantly and accuse people of doing things that they don't even fully understand, and talk out their♥♥♥♥♥more proficiently than an used car salesman.As a sidenote, if you're a irritable autist moron like me, you're gonna want to shoot yourself when you see some of the obnoxious pop culture references such as the hardline proc message being "Hardline bling".Oh and get ready to play with the exact same cheater 14x in a row no matter how many times you quit, also no anti-cheat cause ♥♥♥♥ logic.All in all ♥♥♥♥ this game and its community, MWR is good albeit with a low playercount, but seriously don't waste your money on the legacy edition of this game and just wait for a standalone release.
this game duse not work the campane on the loading screen it crashes zombies and multiplayer  duse not work .
I was hoping that the MWR was going to make it worth me sinking my money into this years cod release, sadly this has not been the case, IW is a mediocre futuristic shooter and actually a little better than i was expecting, as for MWR well what a waste, it is poorly optimized full of cheats and hackers and no one seems to give a dam, constantly hitching and freezing with lag spikes all over the place ... my fps can go from 60 right down to 3 for no apparent reason, i cannot and will not recommend this to anyone, just save your pennies and wait for something better
The last CoD game I have played was Black Ops, and I didn't enjoy it at all.This game is a big improvement over Black Ops, and generally I think the single player is a lot of fun. The multiplayer seemed fairly hard to get into, as clearly not many people are playing it. I ended up sitting in a lobby for a while before giving up. It's probably not much different to all the other games, though and I'm certainly not bothered.What has bothered me is that the game suffers from a texture bug. I have an R9 285 2GB and no matter what I try, I can't get the textures to look anything like the settings I've chosen. The game will dynamically change texture settings, and it always defaults to the lowest, nastiest textures I've seen in a while. I have no issues in other games and I've tried all the prescribed fixes -- they always look♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ultimately it ruins the look of the game, and the fact that IW should be doing all in their power to fix issues with this game owing to the horrendous reception by players and yet have not fixed this, just irks me.Luckily I didn't pay anywhere close to full retail for this.Then again Activision love taking your £40 for broken games.
I feel like I'm being too harse on this game, but it feels like a reskin of black ops 3 (bo3).  Honestly, it is exactly like the experience I had when I played bo3, right down to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking system and the lack luster aerodynamic movement system.  Maybe I am biased but COD advanced warfare seemed to have everything figured out.  It had a cool areodynamic system that let you dash at,  ground pound, and evade enemys with a simple press of a button.  Bo3 and it's clone, Infinite warfare, let's you do half of all those things; I'm not going to delve into the matchmaking portion of this rant, because that may just be an individual thing,  it's probably my connection.  But iI'm mostly upset about the movement systlem.
no
What a waste of money, even when it is discounted.... Do not buy at all....
60 quid for a polished turd. wow infinity ward, you really outdid yourselves this time.
WTF IS THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥PLEASE GOD KILL ME ALREADY THIS GAME GIVES ME A HEADACHE
well what do you expect its cod...
Serious CoD: Infinite Warfare review:Singleplayer/Campaign [7/10]:NO STORY SPOILERSThe Campaign [in my opinion] is overall decent. I think it's worth playing through. The space battles [zero gravity] are much more fun than I expected, because it's very accessible. The story is OK and generally easy to understand, mainly becuase you are only playing as one character throughout the entire story. The cutscene cinematics had really good graphics, but they were kinda boring (they were not running in-engine/realtime).In terms of graphics, they were not amazing, but not terrible either [played on GTX 1080 GPU]. I really had a fun time playing with the different weapons, becuase they felt really good and I felt rewarded when I killed someone, both with ballistic weapons and the different abilities. Jackal fights were fun the first couple of minutes, but they got really boring over time.No particular order:Pros:- Worth playing through- Story is easy to understand- Zero-G space battles were fun- Weapons and abilities felt really good and were rewarding- Very detailedCons:- Graphics- Jackal fights were boring- Cutscene cinematics were boring- Can be very predictable at times- Boring elevator rides- Loading screens...Multiplayer [4/10]:Multiplayer is often being considered as the main offering of Call of Duty, but I don't really think that's the case with this game, which is really sad. I think a lot of you guys would have a lot better time with the Campaign part than the Mulitplayer portion of Infinite Warfare. The main reason why I bought Infinite Warfare was because of Modern Warfare Remastered.This game feels more or less like last years Black Ops 3 [I really enjoyed Black Ops 3 TBH], except worse. One significant thing could be the core movement system that works really bad with the flow of the maps. The maps themselves looks really cool, but they doesn't play as good as Black Ops 3 [I'll be comparing Black Ops 3 and Infinite warfare a lot] maps, probably becuase Infinite Warfare doesn't use the infamous three-lane map structure as Treyarch does in their games, which worked really well. As far as the core weapon balance, Infinite Warfare did a pretty good job. Not only are there a very nice variety of weapons, but they also act really different from each other. The core weapon balance is approved. In terms of weapon variants that you can get via Supply Drops [:-(], are balanced really bad and some of them are downright unfair unfortunately. The TTK [time to kill] is VERY short, that leads to the person with the best reaction skills wins the gunfight, which is very annoying. It should take longer to kill your enemies, kinda like we see it in the Black Ops series.The Specialists from Black Ops 3 are back [Combat Rigs], but this time around you have a lot more choices with them. A lot of them works literally the exact same as Black Ops 3 Specialists, which is very boring. Some of them have significant balance issues. Overall, Infinite Warfare Multiplayer doesn't really bring anything new to the table, which immediately makes the game very inessential. My question is, 'why didn't we just give Black Ops 3 another year?'. Sure, some of you might disagree with that, but that's my opinion. Simply becuase they're pretty much the same game, it kinda felt like an amateur PC modder made a Ghosts/Advanced Warfare mod and just slapped it on Black Ops 3. That's not very good.There a still a lot of small things with the game that I don't like very much, but I don't wanna make this review too long. Here are some things that deserved to be mentioned.No particular order:Pros:- Core weapon balance is very solid- The weapons feels really good and smooth while you're playing- The maps have a lot of bright colors, which makes the game prettier- Energy Weapons are balanced really well- Classic Weapons are awesome!- Pick 10 class selection is greatCons:- TTK is ridiculously fast- The majority of the Weapon Variants are balanced really bad and some of them are unfair- Combat Rigs have a lot of balance issues and are not as destinct as Specialists from        Black Ops 3- Graphics- No Theater Mode- Skill-gap is too small- The movement system works poorly with the maps- Multiplayer has no innovation at all- Supply Drops... (potential of pay to win)- Copying Black Ops 3 way too much- Bad PC port compared to other games- Scorestreaks aren't lethal enough- Community is still very toxic- Spawns are the worst since Call of Duty: Ghosts- Downgrade from last year's Black Ops 3- Call of Duty can do better than this!Zombies/Zombies in Spaceland [6/10]:I haven't invested too much time in Zombies in Spaceland, becuase I still think Treyarch makes the best Zombies. The Zombies part of this game is acceptable, but it didn't really make me wanna come back.The map itself has a really odd layout and structure and was also very big, which I didn't really appreciate. The map isn't very friendly for the casual Zombies players, because you need to learn a lot about the map before you start playing, some of the hardcore Zombies players really like that, while the majority of the casual players doesn't.No particular order:Pros:- The map looks really cool w/ the different colors- Can be really fun the first couple of times with friends- Friendly for hardcore Zombies players- There's no movement system in the Zombies part- Fun characters- Better than Exo Zombies [Advanced Warfare]- Cool settingCons:- Only one map - Future Zombies maps will be expensive- Gameplay can be very silly- The map is not really creepy- Clowns- Doesn't really stand out- Treyarch still makes the best Zombies [my opinion]OVERALL RATING: 5/10 - C4sper
ProsGraphics and audio are great!Both zombies and single player are very well done.Large selection of weapons and equipment. Most weapons can even be upgraded.I bought this game in a steam sale for $40ConsVery low PC player base at launch compared to average multiplayer FPS games. TDM is the only multiplayer game mode you can find players for.Months of cheaters before VAC was finally implemented.Game play speed and mouse movement are linked to FPS which is capped at 91.No swimming mechanic.DLC on PC is a joke because anyone who buys it won’t find any other players.Take a look at the player charts and compare the all-time peak to other COD or FPS games.
This game gave me crippling depression :)
total♥♥♥♥♥♥ bought the game for remaster while on sale regret every penny.
just dont , please just .................................dont the only ok thing in this game is the zombies but its kinda ... meh just dont buy this game if you want to have fun for 2mins +
SO MANY MIRCO!!!!!!!!! transaction :PI hate them and always will. Better off playing battlefield then this game. To get COD Warefare remastered, pay $20 more which was pointless since they change it into MIRO!!!!!! transaction......RIP COD FOREVER
Never again!Bad game, female soldiers lol, gender ideology, sjw warriors etc  waste of time and money.Definitely not worth it.
what is it DOOM 3 or DEAD SPACE 3 ??
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WISH TO PLAY SPLIT SCREEN activision decided PC gamers don't need to split screen. middle finger right back at you, activision and/or infinity ward. i'll be requesting a refund due to my impatience with activision/infinity ward ♥♥♥♥ing me without lube game after game. they just split up features so they can sell a game every christmas between two companies to parents who buy their spoiled kids the new cod every year. it's  a franchise that should've ended 3 games ago. boy, if only they had some sort of downloadable content to sell so i could just buy the new maps rather than another game that's essentially the same as the last just with most likely fewer features and more dlcs... if you had any respect for yourself as a gamer you'll scroll past this game. treyarch at least knows how to make a zombie mode...
My experiance of Call of Duty Infinate Warefare so far Log onSearch multiplayer will not load match.RestartTry CampainWill not load.Check game requirements:Meet all criteriaChanged my settings in game (didn't help that every time I chnaged an option my game would crash. Luckily it did save)didnt work.Luckily I bought this on♥♥♥♥♥ Im lucky I did not buy this for whatever the hell it costs.
This game has a better story that BF1Bad multiplayerBad zombiesRemastered is MW4 with better graphics3/10 Story good
It needs better anticheat system. Aim-bot kids all around.
Call Of Duty: Infinite Cancer
i cant play the ♥♥♥♥ing game cuz it wont connect to ♥♥♥♥ing services just got ripped off i guess used to love these games but this is just sad man dont buy it. but really u guys need to fix this fast cuz i cant.
dont waste your money
If your looking to buy simply just infinate warefare i would seriously recomend this game. On the other hand if your looking to buy this game for remasterd dont waste your money. It was obiously not optimized for pc very well not even with my specs can i get a steady 60 fps in this game it stutters and framerate drops way to much. you can try looking at the how to fix lag videos on youtube but dont waste your time i have seen all of them and they dont work. all in all dont waste your 20 extra dollars on remasterd if your looking to get infinate warefare just buy that.
Dont buy this game if you want cod4 remastered if you have a pc with a gtx 950 or a 750ti 750 or 1050ti/1050 the game bugs like♥♥♥♥♥♥the game is unstable dont buy!!!!
This call of duty is horrible. the ingame store does not work for PC version (for me atleast). The servers constantly have connection issues, and there is hardly any players to even play cod with. I been getting sick of call of duty more and more. Not buying a game from them ever again.
Almost entirely unplayable without a graphics driver update, Cutscenes loading into zombies and multiplayer were laggy with choppy and out of sync audio.  (Note: I am running an ASUS GeForce 1060 so issues should not be due to graphics card unless the update increases it's performance by like 400% minimum...)
bad
The main game is pay to win and the multiplayer maps, along with zombies, take an immense amount of time to load. The Zombies map doesn't even load when trying to play single-player.
Rating 4/10Finally I can play the game after I have to disable my antivirus program which is really not good at all to do this. I must say the campaign is really worth it to play if you are into single player mode. I can't recommend this game anymore. It's a waste of time to be honest. To find a match is really difficult…
So far I can only say this has been one off the most hacked games for years, if this was any other kind of product you would be reimbursed in full as it doesn't do what it says on the tin. Beyond dissapointing don't buy it!!Not forgetting the 'remastered' COD with all the GOD mode players might as well have flushed cash down the toilet.
Like a lot of people too did I buyed this game, because of MWR and not, because it's the new CoD.I played a few games and I have to say... It's pretty bad. I like a lot of CoD's, but this game is bad.. Even AW and BO3 are good and worth playable, but I don't recommend this game, because the movement is not an improvement, the health is unconstant so some people are dead after 2 shots and some die after 7 shots. The sound is also pretty bad... ok ok the footsteps are clear and good spottable, but the gunsound is awful
Note: Because this game's singleplayer campaign is its greatest redeeming quality, some minor spoilers may be included in the review.Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare (IW) had the distinction of potentially bringing the CoD franchise back from the brink of sequential, irrevocable decay.  It's not that recent CoD games have been bad, per se, but they have lacked the impressive plot developments of titles like Modern Warfare 1 and Black Ops 1/2.   Advanced Warfare, Black Ops 3 and others like Ghosts, have all been staid, formulaic entries in the franchise.  Interestingly, while the game has a lot of potential and is brought forth by the makers of the greatest CoD developer: Infinity Ward, IW manages to fall flat on its face.  Despite the creation of Respawn that drained Infinity Ward of a large sum of its talent, the ensuing Infinite Warfare release is stylish and well directed, with oodles of atmosphere and charm but the game is filled with so many significant flaws and missteps that one can't help but rue all of its missed opportunities.Technically, IW is a solid entry.  The game has an impressive graphics engine and is easily one of the most attractive and stylish first person shooters on the market.  Simply check out some of my screenshots for examples of the excellent character modeling, equipment design and gorgeous vistas that consistently populate IW.  The game's system requirements are low and my system was able to run IW at 1440p, high/medium settings, while still generating ~40-45 fps during the campaign (Core i5/16 GB RAM/780m 4GB iMac).  While I wouldn't recommend 45 fps during multiplayer, the campaign is perfectly fluid and playable at those settings.  I discovered no game-breaking glitches and with the exception of some setting resets and issues with game shutdown, IW was relatively well-assembled.  Could the game be better optimized for PC? Absolutely but it is hardly broken, nor unplayable.In addition to the gorgeous graphics and great set pieces, IW also has excellent sound, with spectacular voice acting (some of the best I've heard in *any* game), and wonderful music ranging from popular pop/rock classics to orchestral theme songs that are both moving and motivating.  Within the campaign itself, IW shows a series of franchise innovations, including protracted vehicle fights, base-exploration and mission selection.  The selling point of the game dwells in the perfect split between on-foot combat, blended seemlessly with frenetic ship-to-ship dogfights.  Whie the dogfighting and piloting are simplistic at times, I applaud Infinity Ward for attempting to pull the CoD franchise outside its boundaries.  Base exploration, while relatively cosmetic, is still fun and unlocking all the weapon upgrades is a neat pursuit.  Selecting your missions is not as open as it seems with minimal impact on the story depending on whether you complete all the missions or not (it doesn't make any significant difference).Weapons feel good for the most part, with the exception of the shotguns which often feel underpowered and appear malformed.  The Erad might be the exception.  Shooting combat is remarkably similar to previous CoD games and in that respect, fans of the series should be right at home.  Additional technological additions include boost jump (think double jump on steroids), specialized grenades from frag, to gravity, to shock(droids), to seeker spiders.  You can hack enemy bots and use them temporarily and there are a mix of heavy weapons available as well.  The game employs minimal stealth elements or you can choose to run/gun your way through the entire game.  Piloting, if you can call it that, feels more like Descent, than Star Citizen and you have options for upgrades including weapons, armor, but not much more.  The game obviously tries to capture a Mass Effect/Battlestar Galactica lovechild vibe that it sometimes pulls off successfully.The game can feel remarkably well polished/directed during one moment and can completely suck you out of the immersion with a loading screen, the next.  Still, as a whole the campaign works, as you play the part of Nick Reyes a SCAR lieutenant for the Earth forces that is forced into the command chair, when the USNA Retribution, the fleet's flagship, is one of the few vessels left after a dastardly Pearl-Harboresque strike by the almost paper-thin Mars-based SDF forces.  SDF enemies, including the truly evil leader Koch are laughably under characterized within the game and serve as a foil and nothing more.  Still, the campaign's strength doesn't dwell within an excellent villain but, instead, in the absolute great characterization of your crew from Salter, Omar, Gator, Ethan, to Kashima, McCallum and more.  It is during the spectacular set pieces that have you raiding enemy ships, escaping sun-bound asteroids, mounting desperate full-scale assaults, conducting black ops on frozen moons and even zero-G combat that you get to know, appreciate and care about these characters.And impressively, characters will die a lot and often.  That makes this CoD game perhaps the most avant garde and courageous since MW 1 or BO 1.  The game ending alone salvaged my opinion of the single player campaign when things quickly went from bad to worse and I had to watch the perils of command ravage my crew for the sake of completing the mission.  The campaign credits even show KIA logs that you can play and listen to that are often heart-wrenching and sorrowful.  I haven't felt as strongly about the characters in a CoD game in ages and I have to honestly say that the singleplayer campaign is a great success.  IW's campaign can be completed in 10 hours at a moderate pace and I finished the game at Regular difficulty.Unforunately, that's where all of IW's triumphs end.  The PC version of the game lacked the much-promised/intimated multiplayer servers and operates using P2P which means that you are often stuck playing with poor ping which is damning in a twitch shooter like IW.  Multiplayer itself is divided into a variety of modes but feels remarkably similar to a scaled down version of Advanced Warfare, which in turn appeared to be a warmed over representation of Titanfall 1.  While multiplayer is certainly fun and I would love to play it, the game is a veritable ghost town as of January 1st.  Literally.  ***During a span of four hours, I was able to participate in only 2 matches.***  The game rarely ranks in the top 100 most played Steam titles, despite its recent release, and because multiplayer relies on matchmaking, you often wait in a lobby, desperately hoping that the slots will populate.  Playing two games in four hours is unacceptable and I fear that the multiplayer is already withered on the vine.Black Ops 3's multiplayer has higher player counts, despite being an older game.  This lack of player base can be attributed to the generic combat, pervasiveness of out-of-control hacking and general dislike for the game's matchmaking.  On the first game, that I was lucky enough to play, the matchmaking placed three level 1 players (myself included) along with one level 18 against ***FIVE*** level 20-40s.  Really Infinity Ward? Really?  Heinous matchmaking like that made gameplay beyond frustrating and ruined the multiplayer experience.  Another game had a hacker that was routinely shooting 3-4 players through walls within a span of 2-4 seconds.  The individiual laughed and stated that he would never be banned and, to be honest, he's probably right.  In short, the multiplayer is unplayable.  Zombies is a cartoony mess staged in Tomorrowland.  Neither of the aforementioned modes will produce any significant gameplay hours and, consequently, I cannot recommend IW in good conscience.  Even on Steam sale for $40, I feel cheated and jipped out of my money.  The campaign is certainly worth a $20 price tag, but certainly not twice that.This will probably be the last CoD game I buy for a while.6/10.
Can't even load the game, nor Modern Warfare Remastered, what a waste of £40.
I got Game Banned for this game on 3rd January 2017 just after i upgraded my pc with new GTX1080 GPU and also ASUS 144Hz monitor the monitor came with a program call display widget  and Asus Multi Frame and i believe thats a hack to these people..So becareful the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥anyways i got it for free but just sending a warning...$129 down the drain its all good thats nothing for me.Happy Gaming all.
never loads for me, ive re-installed it many times and it says "match started. loading level..." then never loads, wouldnt rate this cod at all.
CANCER!!
Just one thing....NO. It has a lot of potential, but spaceland zombies is WAY to stereotypical and dark, i cant see anything. The multiplayer is cool with the weapons but it is just black ops 3 in space, and the fact they still have no anti-cheat on PC is very bad. This game works for consle only because anti-cheat doesnt matter, but maybe next time i wont waste money getting this.
Horrible. it crashes every two minutes, should of just listenend to the 2M dislikes
I do not give a crap about the MP. I play ArmA for that. I'm here for the SP. >Installed this game. >56GBs DL>Minutes of configuring shaders>have to have a nvidia driver newer than 375>install driver>more shader configuring>finally game starts, all settings on ultralow>game goes to slowmo with input lag whenever my machine can't keep up>Freezes on first cutscene, computer crashes>after restart desktop is completely wiped clean, all folders are hiddenInfinity Ward, fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.Also, yes, it is time to upgrade. That said, this is what a "The Expanse" game would probably feel like. The Space mechanics are reasonable, although player and ship do not conserve movement and the stealth mechanics often feel ridiculous.  Some of the decisions made by characters are ridiculously stupid, but hey. Call of Duty. All in all, better than most CoDs since CoD4, but it feels like a shrunken version of Star Citizen. This probably explains the feeling of having a PC Port that was an afterthought.I don't regret my 20€. Don't be a tool and buy the game here.UPDATE: 6 times total system freeze, one game freeze in 9 hours. Through with the campaign and while i would have regretted buying the game at full launch price, 20€ was definitely acceptable.Now, about un♥♥♥♥ing my desktop...
infected is fun. On console though. pc playerbase dead.
Thumbs down untill multiplayer is fixed.
NEEDS TO SEPERATE CALL OF DUTY MWR. i have people who want mwr but dont want to waste thier time or money on the garbage infinite.
Im getting 500 ping for no reason
Man, the new Titanfall really kind of falls short of expectations. They made the running super slow, and added in a weird jetpack feature to the jump kit, so like, you can hover for a bit, but it's almost totally useless. Not only that, but they took out all the giant robots. How is it even titanfall without the Titans? The guns were kinda cool though. 1/10 would not recommend.
Online Multiplayer is no a luck waiting room. just like COD-AW, COD-BOPS1,2,3. the multiplayer just dont work like it should. the server doesnt seem to find anyone (or is it that no one is actually doing any match making) however to my experience i cant get any online game play to start. even in the zombie mode the wait is 30 min +. my conclusion on getting this game?i regret it. i could of just purchased the season pass for B1...but i stuck around for this to experience any changes which was a FAILED dont buy until they patch the game if not youll have a $59.99 in your steam library which you wont even want to download the MWR... trust me, after getting mad at IW i didnt even bother to download the MWR. just my 2 cent. duecessssss
this game blows
Thought i'd give it a go, given all the hype.worst mistake ive made.waste of time and money
Firts of all i want to say that i am a fun of the call of duty franchise since  my experience in almost all the call of dutys i can say that this cod has a really nice gameplay,but it looks like it is unfinished for some reason...PROS:1.Nice Gameplay2.Story is not that bad3.There are updates 4.Lots of bugs have been fixed since the release of the gameCONS:1.Bad Graphics2.Bad multiplayer team balancing system3.You easily find hackers5.No store for pc??!6.Not a lot of weapons7.U cant create your own emblem (says coming soon)8.FPS drops
Probably the worst game I have ever had the displeasure of wassting over 4 minutes of my life. Only buy if you are incapable of having fun on ANY other fps.
Hello were infinity ward and welcome to CoD on the PC! Our servers include Team-Deathmatch, Team-Deathmatch, and Team-Deathmatch!and we also put the ♥♥♥♥ing game in space!!!!111!!1!111
I personally didn't enjoy this game. All the negative reviews are pretty much how I feel. It's just not the game I was hoping for.
I dont like the flying movement
hear me welll....F.U C. K   YOU   ACTIVISION    !!!!!!! NEVER AGAIN ! YOU DISGUSTING GREEDY PIECES OF DOG S.H I.T  ! ( Actual review )DO NOT BUY THIS S.H.I.  T  ! even 3 months since launch both IW and Activision have refused to fix the long matchmakings issues wich at this moment has totally crippled the Infinite warfare community, back we had stable and active  1.500-2-000 players but matchmaking works like♥♥♥♥♥♥now and believe that in one more month the active playrcount will be 500 or less.   It's a big shame that this game doesnt have dedicated servers because unlike Battlefield 2142 this will be buried forever and forggoten........ and its really sad because it's a great game with great setting and mechanichs .....     That's one of the most saddest thoughts i have written in a long time..... i hate you Activision, greedy mother f.u c.kings bas.t.ards.....------------------------------(Previous review, when the game worked)------I love this game !  Positives : (positives weight : 9 / 10 )+ Fast paced combat+ A lot of variarity of guns and playstyles making every match different+ A lot of depth in the game thanks to the weapons perks and camo challenges wich are very fun+ Stable playercount, ,matchmaking work very fine , 9/10 times it will work right (*1)+ Nice Military Sci Fi setting+ Balance is pretty good ! both in classes, weapons and attachments+ No pay to win ! (*2)About the negatives to be honest are very few and very light...(Negative weight: (3/10))- Some maps (1 for my taste) needs some tweaking ,( something that the developers are active in fixing, they alreay fixed another map )- At first could be a bit hard getting used to the fast pacing, especially TTK but in 30 min you will be ok !....and another special one.....- Hackers.... yup they are BUT only in 1 of 10 matches, Report button is on the game and seems that's working because everyday i see less and less hackers.Definitly i recommend this game for Fps an Sci fi fans ! it doesnt deserve the bad brand reputation that some knowledge less people give to this.....Feel free to ask any details and i will answer as soon as i can ; )________________Notes:(*1) There is a small Matchmaking bug wich does not you connect to any match wich can be solved by exiting the game and start it again, maybe it would take 2 resets but it will work(*2)  dont get scared by "Supply Drops" because the weapons variants are just Sidegrades between each other wich can compensated with weapons attachments like V.Grip, Laser sight, etc .  Essentialy the Supply Drop variants are just Weapons with integrated attachments like Grips,Laser, Long Barrel, etc, some of them has special effects but very light like helping with the recharge speed of the Rig Special ability or resupplyng Letal/tactical nades after killing 5 opponents with a single life.  Also they can be purchased with Ingame money or getting them randomly with Supply drops wich can you buy with another ingame money.   At this moment the Cod Points shop is disabled on pc and no ETA of when they will enable it again, so nodoby has spent money in microtransaction on PC yet.
i love this game but when i launched it up the second time it didn't let me start up the game :C
Game is trash.
Dont buy this game!!! ♥♥♥♥in one of the worst game i ever played in my entire lifeMultiplayer never works!!! No dedicated servers or VAC system.No PC support from Infinity Ward.Save your money and dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥at all!!!!!!!
Dont buy this game!!! ♥♥♥♥in one of the worst game i ever played in my entire lifeMultiplayer never works!!! No dedicated servers or VAC system.No PC support from Infinity Ward.Save your money and dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥at all!!!!!!!
Infinite Warfare is a fun game on console but the PC version barley runs. I want to play the game but have only been able to play for about 10 minutes before it either crashes or freezes. ultimatly this game is an unplayable glitchy disaster
Call of duty need to quit this awful booster pack, sliding, wall running nonsense. Cut out this futuristic crap and return to the roots that got call of duty to where it is today.
I admit that this game is not the game we wanted,advance movement,laser guns. : If we ignore all of those,the game plays pretty well,better than BO3 in my opinion,the hitmarkers sound is very nice and the balistic weapons are great. I don't like the scorestreaks.The new feature:throwing lethals while shooting is awesomeThe camos are looking better than in BO3: Not that good,but it takes for sure over 10 hours to finish all the missions: Great! The menu in CoD IW is terrible.You can't see your total kills, the medals, kills with each gun. NO LEADERBOARDS. The calling cards showcase is very ugly. In my opinion,BO3's menu was the best in CoD history. Easy to find stuff,very well displayed, plenty of records.At this moment, i don't recommend this game because it's not finished,and unfortunately,overall  BO3 was a lot better.If the game will receive the right updates, i recommend IW.
booooo
If you are buying the game for it's campaign, it's a great game. However the multiplayer is extremely flawed. No matter what advantage you have over the other player it always comes down to who has the faster rate of fire.
This is a huge slap in the face to the single campaign players. I finished this game in 8 hours! $39.95 down the drain.  I dont have the time and therefore the skills to play the multiplayers. I enjoy the single Campaigns. If it is not $9.95 or less I will never ever buy a COD game again.  I never write reviews I play at my own risk. But you need to be warned about this one if your a single campaign player.
Worst experience ever! I have played it for 5 hours and basiclly wasted my time finding a match. It's unaccpetable!
DO NOT BUY!!
This game is a horrible piece of trash....many hackers, only one game mode is actually played (only team deathmatch, no one plays anything else), and the weapons are horribly balanced.  All of this futuristic stuff is garbage. COD needs to go back to its roots.  Less insta kill skills, more skill overall.  Horrible, horrible game.
I am tired of all the dam programs to give people the edge to cheat a game, I have purchased multiple COD titles throughout the years and once they took private servers away after Bl-ops its been this $hit$how. I like the gameplay and the grafix but like most titles after Bl-ops the hackers take over and theres no recourse... we can report but the hackers seem to stay ahead of the admins. If we had our own servers we could keep the DBags out. Like most COD games I will play when bored and I wont worry about ranks or anything else as this just seems to be a cashgrab for the creators.
Worst call of duty ever made the franchise i getting worse and worse only keeping it cause of remastered.
Worst piece of trash Ive ever spent money on.
Biggest gaming disappointment of 2016 - lousy campaign with idiotic robot enemies and a boring story.... this is the last time I buy Call of Duty day one... I'm deleting it from my hard drive.. I'm better served with the free drive space than keeping this lousy game.
honestly for certain gamers i see how this could be a good game but its like i feared, in terms of gameplay and such it's like advanced warfare except less 99% focus on exo suites. The game just feels way to dull and its extremely vague on controls i couldnt figure out the controls and i still don't know how to use lethals but in terms of  everything else it's still just a very unenjoyable game and i feel like I wasted money on this game and if i was given a chance for a refund i would not hesitate to take it because this game offers so much yet it makes it all seem so little because of the futuristic concept like advanced warfare and all and all i would sugest you save you'r money for asomething better cause this is a whole lot for not that much and what little there is there is very unenjoyable don't get me wrong i like the Call of duty franchise but it's gone done hill with all the new concepts that its brought to life and the idea of futuristic call of duty was good but they overdid it in my eyes here and ended up with a dull game that's only made the past games look like a good memory you wish you could relivew anew.As much as I'd hate to say it, I do not reccomend this game.
I have not much to say but I really hate this game, except campaign. But it's not memorable. I'm also very happy that Infinity Ward remastered Modern Warfare. Two COD games in one year. One is modern and one is futuristic. fThis is the smartest thing they've ever did.Infinite Warfare is by far the worst Call of Duty up to date.GOOD: I have to be honest and I have to admit it, I loved the campaign.   YES!! Thank you Black Ops 3 for adding legs! I honestly love this feature, it really actually makes me feel actually in the game. Taunts is great addition too.[/h1]Chilling game[/h1] I don't think I can give a proper explanation but the maps gives an "ASMR" ambience sound effects, also the atmosphere. I just love it. I know many people hate futuristic settings but this is call of duty if you don't like it there are past games you can play that have modern settings. I LOVE futuristic settings. I hope future Call of Duty have that setting as well. Sure it's my opinion but jesus christ so many people bash it only because its """""too futuristic reee""""". This is unfair. I mean it's the same call of duty, the same gameplay, the same killing, the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ Except the jetpacks. I mean, you can buy Modern Warfare Remastered, right?BAD:Why are we playing in the 90s themed Zombies with a nerd, ugly hooker, a black and a high school kid? I can't understand why people liked it. I expected Exo Zombies like! IN ♥♥♥♥ING SCI FI THEME. Even worse than BO2 default zombies map. Seriously, IW?? F ♥♥♥♥ sake I was on a killing spree then it interrupted my game! These announcer packs came from edgy and cringy youtubers. But... why?For example, the one of the sound is used from MW2. The sound of a submachine gun Oni's reload sounds are used from 2001 game, Halo: Combat Evolved. Also the death animations like that animation when opening your ♥♥♥♥ing legs like a pregnant woman getting birth. I expected a rifle based on Halo series, the mother♥♥♥♥ing MA5B assault rifle! Come on... I wanted a futuristic space game like Halo but on PC! GTA V and DOOM have less than 75 gigabytes, so what the hell? Your game is not even open world.I'm serious, sometimes when I click the 'find match' it goes to 'DLC' section.  When BO3 came out, I was STUNNED about the graphics. It was so realistic, that for me it's the most realistic graphical game out there. Always thought how great the graphics will outcome BO3. But I don't blame IW. We all know BO3 is far more superior and God's work than this garbage.Black Ops 3 is better than Infinite Warfare a sextillion times. Therefore I must appreciate Treyarch's hard work. Their games (BO1,2,3) has enlightened me. Anyway, I should admit that this is a very bad Call of Duty title, and I hope IW learned that. So get Black Ops 3 for your own sake.INFINITE WARFARE > 0/10MODERN WARFARE REMASTERED 9/10Final Verdict: Pull your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, Activision. Your game is but a literally child's work. Hell, them children can do even better than this piece of literal horse♥♥♥♥♥♥of a joke.If only, if ONLY we could revive CODAW and make this game right here as a glory hole♥♥♥♥♥♥sucker with no playerbase.Yet again, this is, THE MOST, THE WORST CALL OF DUTY, IN HISTORY.Or realistically, the worst game I have ever played in my life. 2016 Most regretting buy of the year.
Original review down below.I bought this game back in December 2016, and I thought it was pretty decent. It was my very first Call of Duty game. I thought it had great game modes, and the learning curve wasn't too steep. But, a few months later, in April 2017, you can barely even get into a game. This goes for both Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered. No one is playing anything besides Team Deathmatch or Domination, and even then it's extremely hard to get in a game there. I highly regret buying this and wish I had just used my money on another game. The game itself is good, but if you can't do anything but play the story and play with terrible bots, there is no game. Buy it on the PS4 or XB1 if you want the full experience. I would say that my theory at the end of my original review was correct, at least for the PC version of Infinite Warfare. Original Review:I'm a first time Call of Duty player, so I decided to pick up the latest installment in the series: Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. Also, please note that this is a multiplayer only review. I have not played the campaign. I had some concerns before I bought the game. I compared the player count to Black Ops 3 and it was significantly lower by about 3,000 people when I checked. I was scared that I wouldn't be able to join a game. That was not the case.  Also, I was concerned that, me, being new to FPS games, would absolutely suck and get demolished. Guess what? I was right. But, I'm okay with that. I knew that I would get demolished so I don't rage. However, if you are new to FPS games and you have a tendency to rage, you may want to steer clear or online multiplayer until you're somewhat decent.The visuals are stunning, but they are not as great compared to a game such as Battlefield 1. However. the gameplay is what matters most. Some of the controls were weird to me, like having to press right click again to stop aiming down the sights. Other important actions were literally not even bound to a key at all. Figuring out all the correct controls was probably the hardest part of learning to play the game. But. once I got the controls set the way I wanted to, the movement and aiming was perfect. The game is not new player friendly at all. There is no tutorial to help you set up a class, customize guns, do whatever your green squad Wolverine guy says, etc. I constantly found myself looking to Google for help with this. This should not be a problem to veterans to the game, however. Again, once I figured it out, I was able to easily make three different loadouts that suit my playstyle.Hackers and cheaters are not that big of a problem, not yet anyway. The only encounter I had with a cheater was someone who was using a class glitch to permanently have his classes special ability.  Although, I may not be able to identify cheaters due to being a noob.Overall, the game is fun. I definitely reccomend it. However, in a few months I can see this game dying out and everyone going back to Black Ops 3.
First of all, I KNOW MY PC CAN RUN THIS GAME IF I GET AN EXTERNAL GPU. JUST IF IT'S CAPABLE AT 1080P ANY SETTINGS.
my game keeps crashing what do i do?
I would of had more funâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥on $80....
I would of had more fun♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on $80....
So many hackers man
this game sucks
59.99 refunded. ♥♥♥♥ off pc cod. never again.
To Whom this may concern,I have  tried to play this title in both Campaign & Multiplayer modes. Both crash before ever letting me play. Campaign crashes while loading the first mission; Multiplayer crashes when attempting to load the map & the round ends before I ever get in, kicking me back to the find match screen. I've never had a game do this to me before. IW needs to fix. doesn't seem to like Windows 10.
♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
I have 1000s of hours in CoD over the past 10 years or so and I have to say this game is not all bad.  I had a lot of fun for the first 20 hours or so of Multiplayer.  But now it just won’t work.  I think I should get partial refund or something.  Either the matchmaking is broken, or no one is playing because the games always start 4 on 3, and no one likes playing in a team based game 1 man down so people leave and the match ends 4 on 1.  Some of the older cod titles that start with B still have enough players to work.  I wish the devs just gave PC the dedicated server files like they did with CoD1 through W@W.  At least then I could play, as it sits now this is a broken waste of money.
havent injoyed infinite warfare i wouldnt recomend buying it if your buying it for multiplayer only beacause there is a lot of hackers/modders, not many players, i liked zombies  its really fun. i havent played campain yet, if buying it best to wate till its on sale or buy it on xb1 or ps4!!!
This game is trash! Everyone hated the trailer and I said "how bad can it be?".I held out hope for this game and it's.. Just don't waste money on this game. Only fun thing about this game is Zombies and even that sucks.
Now, I downloading this game and it worked fine for the first few days... Then it stopped loading the maps, it just say, "Match started, Loading Level" I can't refund it because I had done more hours then you can within those few days its a good game but its not good when it dosen't work.
Meh, multiplayer wont let me party up and single player is bland and forgettable.
I should've bought BF1.Although I was initially put off from the release trailer I was actually enjoying the campaign, I think it was pretty well done.  Short lived unfortunately as it gets repetitive, I've lost interest with just over 13 hours according to Steam.  Futhermore, the cut scenes are laggy and out of sync which really spoils the experience.  My drivers are up to date and running an i5, 16GB RAM & 980Ti...I really wanted to give it a chance, even bought the full package expecting to play it for the next 12 months, but halfway through my first multiplayer match I wished I could refund and rather buy BF1.  COD is not COD anymore, hasn't been since Ghosts imo.  I'm sorry I wasted my money on this.I haven't touched on MWRM and at this point am not interested,  I'll be freeing up space on my hard drive instead.
its not gud so dont buy cuz not gud. if u wanna suffer a brutal disease - buy it.
i want my money back please this game  does not work at it just locks up
Bought it to play MWR, found out that i need the Legacy Edition for 80€, refunded it and i won't buy the Legacy Edition because it's to expensive.
not as good as the old days
THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE♥♥♥♥♥♥WONT START
Shader cache. Shader cache populating. Each boot of the game takes an hour before the feckin shader cache is populated. Ingame updates. Just.. don't.. R.I.P. COD (especially on PC)
Wasre of time. Compatibility issues, on my $2000.00 PC. Not worth the hastle. Sent back for a refund.
Call of Duty: Infinite NV4-fareno really please nerf this gun or something.
The game mechanics are great as usual, very smooth and fluid experience. However, I wouldn't say it's better or much different than Black Ops 3.I would NOT recommend this game because:- No anti-cheat system. Every time I joined a match I was greeted with a person using aim bot! It is literally unplayable. - Not enough players. You can find a TDM only if you're lucky but don't even try for other game modes.- The game is pushing the pay to win method. Yes, you can earn scraps and keys by playing the game but the earn rate is extremely slow! Also, there are few weapons that you can only get through supply drops and it’s rare to find them. Therefore, encouraging players to spend real money for a chance to get the weapons (not even a guaranteed way to obtain them) it is pure gambling! - The thrust jumpers get annoying quickly. Nearly every time you aim at someone they thrust up in the air making you feel like you’re playing Halo not Call of Duty.- The dev support on PC is bad. Updates are slow to come out and always behind consoles. Not mentioning how they leave bugs behind instead of fixing them.I hope you found this review helpful, I wish I would have read reviews like this before wasting my money on it.
Meh, need to go back to thier roots.
That was my worst first exprecion in this year what I experienced
This is a fun game, well balanced, fast paced gameplay, requires fair bit of mechanical skill and when do good it feels amazing, I don't like the art style they went with in this one but whatever, over all I love the game.Why is the review negative then, you might ask? Because the execution is absolutely terrible, the netcode is trash(you don't have dedicated servers most of the time, p2p shouldn't be a thing on a tittle like this), there is no form of anti cheat whatsoever so there are plenty of cheaters, the performance is okay this year but the game is capped at 91 fps, which is a massive ♥♥♥♥ you to everyone with a high refresh rate monitor. There are also micro transactions in a game that costs 60 bucks minimum, which is also pretty annoying although not really game breaking. The PC population is also really low due to multiple years of getting unfinished products. As much as I love this franchise for their gameplay I don't really recommend getting these games anymore unless you really want them. Keep in mind that this a review of just the multiplayer.
ANOTHER TRASH COD JUST FOR THE MONEY THX DEVS DOING JUST FINE TAKING OUR MONEY DOING A GREAT JOB <3
It cost to much for ths game and $80 for + remastert is to much!!They just need to make only remastert for $30 or $20 and not with inf warfare, because inf warfare sucks and cost to much!!!!
it not a very good game the server dont work...
This game is the biggest piece of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am above average player and i have a 1300 dollar computer and the game still ♥♥♥♥ing lags, but no worrries i get to play the rest of that team deathmatch game, god forbid i actually could play any other game type i would miss the whole match, I don't understand how you can ruin a 10 year old game and make it even ♥♥♥♥♥ier then it was in 2007 but they completely captured the same stale maps and even made a christmas crash oh and there is one even better! they added a ♥♥♥♥ing broken beer bottle to not be able to knife players with and i get to spend all my money on COD points that give me absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing nothing, also another great flaw of this sad piece of white trash breeding♥♥♥♥♥♥bag game is that people can openly hack and not get caught, honestly if i could have my hundred dollars back i ♥♥♥♥ing would, but alas i have wasted 100 hours on this sad piece of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and becasue there are no other games i will probably continue to do so, I'm actually so exctied i heard next years game you have to buy a ♥♥♥♥ing noose with the purchase of call of duty black ops modern warfare 7 and you arent aloud to play without xbox live, thank you for taking my hard earned skeckels and jamming both of your greasy fists up my♥♥♥♥♥♥while recording and posting on ♥♥♥♥♥. I will never buy anything with the brand of "call of duty" on it every again just because i would rather cut my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ open and then sit on a pile of lemons, have a good day. In this situation you still win because you have my money, i hope next year your office produces a new airborn type of cancer that kills every one of your employees, thanks 10/10 best game ever..
If you want to sell your game on here make sure there is cross platform gaming... why did I buy this and i couldnt even find one online match to play... WTF
infinity ward JUST realised it came out on pc and added cod points at midnight for new years.GG, WP(still didn't fix the bad mp matchmaking though)
The game is s@!t it looks like minecraft and bo3 [360 version] had a baby, and no matter how good your computer is the game will run about as fast as a fat person with a broken leg. Before purchasing i went and got a new toaster because i thought it would be easy to run but even my potato can't run it and the servers are so bad, but i heard the game's good on console... obviously why wouldn't it be, i mean it's console right... right...
Doesnt work, pile of bull excrement. freezes in main menue, only MW remastered works. Unless your the PC whisperer dont even bother cos it aint gonna work.
What even is this♥♥♥♥♥
Dont Buy. Its Not Worth It.Preordered it and got Modern Warfare Remastered after a hearing news that games would have dedicated servers. Their Dev's Legal FAQ's were nothing but lies. If anybody is thinking that Call of duty can be saved, News flash. It aint worth saving or putting money on. Many people were mislead by false advertisments and "bait and switch" methods by Infinity Ward and Ravensoft. The multiplayer for both games were completely broken from the start. The Devs refused to fix the major problems that PC players and their communities were having. I had to report to steam about the misleading conducts to get a store credit refund and steam was nice to refund me all what i spent on this game and Im glad i dont have it anymore. Problems with both games:No Server Browser System: This a major component that this game is missing and is in bad need of. Matchmaking systems are a big hate for PC. Without the server browser and its Ranked and Unranked Server abilities, players are spending most of their play time waiting for over 30 minutes at times or so searching just to play a game on this matchmaker system. When the game's playerbase is too low like IW and COD MWR, matchmaker just dont work and it has shown those case of problems because of it.No Genuine Dedicated servers: Another Critical component in the PC play system that is missing. Without these dedicated servers, players cant play somewhere closer to their locations and enjoy a more lag-free fun "Call of Duty Experience". The system they are using for these games now are sadly 100% unreliable and are very unfriendly with the PC. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered was post to have dedicated servers and all system components that it had back in COD4 but sadly in their FAQ, it was a lie. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered Problems: It does not play like the original. The Guns, Movements, the Graphics and all other things etc just wasnt anywhere close to what it was back in the original COD4. It was extremely Clunky. Frame rate stuttering was very bad. a GTX780 ROG handled it no problem but the game itself was having issues even with 1080 cards in some cases. I was able to run everyting at MAX HD and it worked just fine but when it came to Multiplayer modes for both games, it was having major problems. In all honesty: If I was a person who can say an ugly truth about how much is this game COD IW and COD MWR is really worth, you wouldnt like what i wouldve said. This game combined with MWR is really worth 30$ at best. There is a reason for saying this. Without the stuff i mentioned above, The games are sadly incomplete. The only thing that these 2 games have are working single player modes and the multiplayer for both are not even close to being completed to boot.If i was in charge of steam in terms of how much this game needs to be sold for, i wouldve put 30$ only, no additional cost for COD MWR. But thats just my opinion. This game gets a 2 of 10. I rarely write bad reviews but this game and COD MWR has earned itself a name in the "hall of shame" in the industry of game development.
I was really hopeful abouit this game and looking forward to buying it, should have a learned my lesson from previous call of duty games, e.g.g Ghosts, this must rank along side it also MWR takes that long to actually get on the MP game, If you can get on at all, Makes me realise that this is aprt of my life i'm not getting back.So basically avoid this unless you want to wait arouind and or become frustarted by the game play
single player is fun for 2 hours then its boring and same old garbage...multiplayer is fun, until you run into people using AIMBOT and WALLHACK....its a shame people cheat Remastered  Modern Warfare Single player looks great,  but ultimately would have been better as a stand alone not in the comboRemastered Modern Warfare MULTIPLAYER - is hit and miss for one it has a glitch where at the beginning of every map it MAXES out your CPU for 10-20 seconds... then it starts to run very smooth. looks really nice...lobbies are not very populated and its the SAME OLD TOXIC MULTIPLAYER CROWD that i enjoyed being away from....cant recommend this unless you pick up on huge sale or DIE HARD COD MW fan but even then its not like the old days back in 2008 with this game...just not.
Don't buy this game if you're buying it for Multiplayer. You won't find matches. If you find any, the connection issues won't let you play. COD is dead on PC. If you wish to enjoy multiplayer, try it on a console.
Coming from Black Ops II, this is the most disappointed I ever been "upgrading" from a game. BO2 used to be the last COD I could run on my crappy computer with radeon hd 7670m, but I bought a laptop with a gtx 1060, so I thought I might as well give this a try. While the graphics are nice, the gameplay is way worse the bo2. People jumping in the air all the time, pay-to-win supply drops, futuristic crap, etc. Graphics aren't everything, and is no where near as important as the gameplay itself. Total waste of money, and I can't refund it now that I've exceeded the 2 hour limit. It's sad to say I have a new computer but will continue to play a 2012 game due to how badly the new one sucked.
SP is well designed and on point with the rest of the franchise. MP is absolutely horrible with loads of issues.Overall the interface is poorly designed. Sound design is awful. Maybe so many people dislike this game because the contrast is so big between IW and BO3 which in my oppinion was a top 3 COD of all time game.Let's hope they improve for the next game.
Leider bin ich nicht sehr glücklich mit diesem Spiel. Es ist teschnich in einem sehr schlechtem Zustand. Es ist auf meinem System 12 mal (!) in nur 3 Stunden (!!) abgestürtzt.UPDATE: Nach vielen Stunden des Surfens im Internet habe ich eine Lösung gefunden, die zu funktionieren scheint. Anti Aliasing musste ausgeschaltet werden. Erstmal bleibt die Wertung des Spiels, da ich noch nicht genug gesehen hab um ein aussagekräftiges Urteil zu bilden.
Pretty bad tbhUnbalancedBoring
I like Infinite Warfare, its nothing special, actually, its just awful! The legacy edition that has CoD4 Remastered is where most joy comes from. The framrate is capped on 91 on both the multiplayers, but the fps is uncapped in both the single players. On my GTX 1080 I got around 100-180 fps in the single player of CoD4 Remastered. I highly recommend NOT buying this game! The lag issues on both multiplayers are awful.
AHHA BROKE AS ♥♥♥♥ ZOMBIES NOT EVEN WORKING
OMG Another worthless console port that should be DLC from 2006
Don't buy this game it's boring. You'll play it for around a week and then stop it's so bad........ They shoud listen to community for a change.
WORST CALL OF DUTY EVER dont waste your money
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
so far maps are pretty lame except for the terminal remake.  pretty lackluster compared to MW2
so far maps are pretty lame except for the terminal remake.  pretty lackluster compared to MW2
This game is total♥♥♥♥♥♥why did I buy this oh wait I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing moron thats why.
Awful experiance, hosts migrating ( Meaning that players host games not dedicated servers, so they don't even pay for those ) games take forever to find, and when you do find a game it will probably crash with an error like  ( lost connection to the host ) and my connection dosn't have anything to do with it because i can play every other multiplayer game just fine, oh and the updates. This game updates every few days or so and it would be fine if it just fixed problems and updates were quick but these updates introduce even more problems and every time it updates it has to preload shaders that takes 15min every time. So be smart don't buy it.
es ist einfach scheisse infiniti geht nicht remasterd-multiplayer geht nicht nur die mission kann ich spielen von remasterd                               ;(
Love it, I just wish the multiplayer were more alive._update_The game is broken by a recent update, it either crashes or hangs up on a loading screen. It's currently UNPLAYABLE. Get your sh*T together IW...
The game doesnt even work.
no anti-cheat measn unplayable multiplayer give us what we want for ♥♥♥♥ sake we dont want this crap we want boots on the ground no supply drops either AT ALL
Hopefully activision never release another COD game on PC, cancerStill♥♥♥♥♥
No anti-cheat, it's a shame. It's impossible to play.
No anti cheat, the game is worthless.
Love COD but this sucks full of aimbot cheaters. Leave for the kids with no sense of fair play.
Rubbish I got this game for Christmas  installed it tried to play it but I just got a  stuttering video then a loading screen waited for it to load but it said it had stopped working so I put on lowest settings and it happened again tried a clean reboot and still no joyMy PC has gtx750ti, 8g of ram and a i5-4570cpu on windows 10 home
this game is so bad that it gave me more autism than five nights at freddy's
This review is in regards to the Remastered version of Modern Warfare:Quite frankly, it doesn't feel any different at all, but worse, it is unbelievably laggy, at the beginning of every game, and you are lucky to find any servers with players unless you play Domination on standard and Search and Destroy on Hardcore. I had to lower the graphics settings to normal, despite having a new gtx1060 card 6gb, as I was only getting 30fps on Ultra, so basically they polished an old game up, but to get it to run, you have to play it on low spec, so what its the point?Terribly optimized and full of hacks, but hey - don't worry - there's no anti cheat protection either.Save your money.The fact they even had to remaster an old game shows just how bad the COD series has become. Most of my friends have bought Battlefield 1, and have deserted the COD series.
This review is in regards to the Remastered version of Modern Warfare:Quite frankly, it doesn't feel any different at all, but worse, it is unbelievably laggy, at the beginning of every game, and you are lucky to find any servers with players unless you play Domination on standard and Search and Destroy on Hardcore. I had to lower the graphics settings to normal, despite having a new gtx1060 card 6gb, as I was only getting 30fps on Ultra, so basically they polished an old game up, but to get it to run, you have to play it on low spec, so what its the point?Terribly optimized and full of hacks, but hey - don't worry - there's no anti cheat protection either.Save your money.The fact they even had to remaster an old game shows just how bad the COD series has become. Most of my friends have bought Battlefield 1, and have deserted the COD series.
cant play it only comes to the loading screen.
thumbs down.. thats all i can say every times the severs are bad
I can't launch any of the modes... What joy...
Great game for anyone that likes to jump around like a monkey.
game is absolutely terrible sick to death of the fact that this damn game and the remastered will not load on my pc even the game developers dont know what is wrong with the game they have told me my pc is way pas tthe recommended and it still wont load what the hell do not buy this game
I hate to say this, but I believe this is the worst call of duty, I have ever played. The fact that I had to purchase this just to get MW Remastered, says a lot about the game!
very cool game that is inexcusably lacking SLI support.  that is just not acceptable from a Huge publisher on an A list title that sells a bazillion copys. Sloppy work......
terrible got it for 14 pound and cant even get online keeps freezing and havent been able to play one game
I brought this game 2 days ago and I love COD MW Remastered... for some reason i can notr play this game on multiplayer, i cant connect and after about 3 mins of waiting i get booted for the lobby and it say connection issue... its not my internet as i can play any other game on multiplayer apart from this game! i am very dissapointed but i understand that this could just be teething problems! If anyone can help me fix this that would be great! if there is no fix yet then i suggest that people that are buying this game understand that they might not be able to play this game on multiplayer and can only play MW remastered online at this current time !
Spoiler Alert!  Info on ending of game story below!!!_________________________________They freaking kill everyone at the end of the game.  Including the main character.  F*** this game I wish I could get a refund on the game and the time I wasted playing it.   The single player game was also crazy short took me less than a day to beat it.
The cinematics are laggy, despite the fact that I have a 3.5GHz Hex Core CPU, FX 970 GFX Card, and 32 GB RAM. It also crashed my system - not just the game - my entire system.
This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash, no ads fov, laggy as hell because of p2p lmao its 2017 nearly. Thats just a couple of things, cant be bothered to write everything. DONT BUY!!
Modern Warfare Remastered is excellent.Infinite Warfare is terrible.Should be able to purchase seperately as I don't want to be forced to buy a terrible game at a ridiculous premium.That's all you need to know!
i want my money back u mother ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥u ♥♥♥♥ing robbed me i try to start out my first time on multiplayer iv been up all ♥♥♥♥ing night trying to fix this when i start the game it sais preloading shaders and then it freezes and i cant exsit it or anythn iv spent hours trying to fix this i cant so give my money back u mother ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥faces i want my money SO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD I WASTED SO MUTCH U CUUUUNTS GIIIIIIIVE MY MONEY U♥♥♥♥♥HOLES ILL KILL U ♥♥♥♥♥ES
This game is awful and also it is restricted for bunch of regions for some unknown reasons  and i live in one of them ... if u wanna buy something cool buy bf1 u wont regret ....
15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.15. Will Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered have dedicated servers?Yes, it will.no it doesnt and neither does infinite warfare
I had only picked up this game because it was on sale, and I really wanted to give Modern Warfare Remastered a whirl. MW Remastered is excellent multiplayer wise, but I didn't get to see the single player mode because I am now requesting a refund. Infiinite Warfare is unplayable for me, and I could not justify keeping it for MW Remastered. I can't join a multiplayer match in IW, and whenever I try to return to the main menu, the game crashes. When I try to change a setting, the game crashes. It's so sad to see such a fantastic series suffer from technical glitches. Not to mention the fact that COD has strayed so far from its original intent that it is barely recognizable as a game from the franchise. I truly miss Call of Duties like Modern Warfare and Black Ops. Don't waste your time on this game if you want a decent FPS, because this is far from decent.
The game is exactly like Black Ops III.
waste of money hackers and cheaters in every lobby
this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥just a big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing more nothing less
Glad I only paid a £10 for this.What a load of tosh.Bunny-hopping shotgun-wielding knobs everywhere.Graphics look about as impressive as doom when it was first released. Woop woop.Should have stayed away but took a punt for the offer. Wish I had really put my money towards battlefield 1 instead.
OMG CALL OF DUTY INFINATE WARFARE does not deserve the hate. The game is not perfect but still not bad. CALL OF DUTY IW is a good game but not a good COD game and that may be why the game is getting hate. So please don't hate but don't reward this. This is why I will not reccormend this game to help tell activision to go back to the roots. They will not litsen to one person but look at the stem reviws this is good that they are mostly negitive. The game may be good but the CALL OF DUTY brand kills it and it is a damn shame. Like I said the game is not a bad game but the BRAND of CALL OF DUTY just killed it. So buy the game for the gameplaty not for the COD brand. Overall I say the game does not deserve the hate on the gameplay and the future space fun. But hate that it is in the COD brand
Is it bad if I'm enjoying this?
TL;DR: DO NOT BUY. NO ANTI CHEAT. RUNS BADLY ON HIGH END RIGS. SPECS:GTX 970i7-3770 Quad Core @ 3.4 gHz16 GB RAMI tried to enjoy this game, I really did...but it just runs too poorly to enjoy it at all. And there's no anticheat....The first game I got into there was a hacker. This game came out like a month ago....As for the game itself, well it's fun as ♥♥♥♥. But it just runs so incredibly bad that it's honestly embarassing. Stutters all over the place....Just don't buy this game. There are plenty of better games you could spend your money on. This game is a disgrace to PC gamers, it is clear that Activision does not care about this fanbase. Infinity Ward was oh so quick to fix the keys exploit, but anticheat? arguably the most important thing in a PC game, they still haven't added. I won't be spending my money on this again until they improve it...if they ever do...
Dont buy this game and Modern Warfare remastered YOU CANT PLAY OFFLINE MULTIPLAYER BOTS ON BOTH GAMES!!!! OR ZOMBIES INFINITE WARFARE OFFLINE !!!!!!!! Your NOT getting the full games that you paid for SO INFINITYWARFARE GO DIE IN A HOLE YOU MONEY CHEATERS!!!! Buy Black Ops 3 instead at least you can play so much more modes and everything OFFLINE PLUS MODS SUPPORT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Why they would release this game after an amazing game like black ops 3 that has as well NO split screen on both games MWR and IW NO IDEA?? But i certainly wont be buying any infinity ward games in future!
Utter garbage and without a doubt the worst call of duty I have ever played. So many bugs but this is to be expected from an activision game.The worst thing about this game is - NO Search & Destory. What was they thinking?Save your money and buy someting else. I would rather play Tetris.
im a mo♥♥♥♥in starboy but this videogame giv me heckin concerns as it is as poor as Ethiopia.
It is the sh***iest game i've ever played. Its buggy... Story makes no sense... There are no fu****ng players to play multiplayer! My s*it is worth more than this game. Don't buy. Just don't
No Multiplayer! 30 minutes waiting for a multiplayer match, in what's supposed to be 2016s biggest AAA release. Unsure if Matchmaking is borked, or what.. but that's just an absolutely sickening joke. Asking for a refund on this one. $100. Can't play it. DONT RECOMMEND.
My recommendation at the moment:Campaign ModeZombies ModeThe Multiplayer has way too many wallhackers.
Mindless shooting, 1 path, senseless game.
this game is poo , i spent money on this f ing sheet game, only to play campaign, i waited 2 hours in all game mode seperately. cant find any online player to play with.. wtf first time buy cod and its arggghhhhh..developers whats wrong with u?? why no one play this trash??refund my money u bascurd.
Could not find a server to play in
Originally I thumbed this up because I was only supporting the COD remastered, despite its many flaws. I took away all that support when they released the first "variety" pack that literally was maps for the original game in 2007, but you have to pay for them. Maps like broadcast, killhouse, creek, and chinatown are all available after you pay the humble price of $15. It's all bs. I pay $80 for their stupid legacy edition but I still have to pay for maps that came with the original game. Screw these guys, DO NOT BUY!
Campaign is not good enough, basically recycled material. Multiplayer sucks. And zombies is O.K.
Too much high-space♥♥♥♥♥♥ disliked.
piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥barely anyone plays iti barely can play Gun Game and the rest of the Gamemodes but its just Terrible
Amazing game! (Not really)
Pros: Best story in the COD series.Cons: Multiplayer. The hit detection and lag compensation are awful. Makes it almost impossible to play
Glad i bought it off site, only reason i threw my money at it was for MWR like everyone else and they managed to ♥♥♥♥ that up too with microtransactions. Don't waste a single dollar on this game
No mans sky v2, fun at first, than you realize it's awful
Full of cheaters orr people that use controllers with aim assit. The controllers should be banned from a PC game ... to bad the game can be fun at this stage is just broken. I dont recomend it!
♥♥♥♥♥game no recommend this game is full cheater! 2/10
Cannot change any graphical settings without a crash, can't take it out of windowed mode, will not go into fullscreen modeI am yet to play this game.
❌This was such a f!cken joke man.
This game is riddled with issues.
The game still have a lot of issues and bugs i highly recommend u not to get this game
*** Gameplay ***Horrible. Boring. Repetitive.*** Visuals ***Stale. Uninspiring. Certainly not next gen worthy.*** Story ***Abrasive and difficult to stomach. Binary characterizations and dull narrative.*** OVERALL ***GAME CRASHES CONSTANTLY ON A i7, DUAL TITAN, and WATER COOLED rig. I can't even finish the game it crashes... so much.
this game sucksssssssssssssss wrost cod game ever ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t been waiting for 15 min still searching for a match . are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding . i wish i didnt spend money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ . had enough going back to black ops 3 .
WORST game of 2016? maybe the worst COD of all times..Dont buy it..waste of money and time..even a fanboy will downvote this game!it is time activision to stop this...awful thing.
Two days & not enough players to start a game.... really Activison?
Retard s  h  i  t game.. Thats all..
I decided to buy this game dispite the tall tell signs it was going to be a terrible game. I loved the Call of Duty Series for the Story line Not much of a Multiplayer gamer. At First they had something going with progressing forward and doing something very new in the future and the story was getting interesting and then it was all just rushed and terrible. Unfortunatly all of their Focus is going into online Multiplayer and even that is terrible and This game deservers ever last bit of bad reviews that it got before it was release and the ones now. If you all you want is an online FPS then well this is the game you want. You want a game that is all around a great game to enjoy and play by yourself you will be very disappointed.
Ok, so i bought this (like most people) for MWR, but i thought i would play infinite warfare just to see how it was. It is not fun. I mean thats the best way to put it. Its just plain not fun. Now let me say i only played the multiplayer, because im not a huge singleplayer guy, so i cant speak for the SP. But from the little i played, it was not fun. Alot of stuff is infuriating (the brecci 2.0), the gunplay feels weird, the stupid "change mode" guns are stupid. Also, as insult to injury. its a 70 GB download. 70 ♥♥♥♥ing Gigabytes. How much extra useless♥♥♥♥♥♥did they cramm in this game. GTA V is 68 GB, and what do you think has more content and replayability. TLDR: Dont recommend, unless 1.diehard CoD fan 2.Liked Blops 3. But still its a tough sell.
0/10
Story is fun and filled with the usual Michael Bay explosions and machine gun fire. Multiplayer could be fun, if it wasn't for cheaters in both Modern Warfare Remastered and Infinite Warfare. As a Call of Duty fan, I have to say that I don't think that I will ever buy a newly released PC version of CoD again. If I ever by another newly released Call of Duty game, it will be on console. At least on consoles, it is harder for someone to get access to cheating tools. Another benefit that console players have is that at least you can compete in CWL (Call of Duty World League) Sanctioned events. PC players don't qualify for the competition and that sucks. It pains me to say that I would rather get CoD on a console, because my first competitive first person shooter experience was born on the PC. I love the way I can snap onto an enemy using the good old mouse and keyboard. Even though I will be playing CoD on consoles from now on, I can still come back and play some counter strike and team fortress 2. As far as the quality of the game and the replayability, it is the same old Call of Duty with some changed mechanics to how multiplayer feels. The core gameplay is the same, but the paint is different. The movement systems feels a bit like you are wearing weights on your feet. I think they did that on purpose because people keep using the phrase "boots on the ground." I like this game, but please, for the love of God, do not buy another game from these people for the PC. Go out and buy an Xbox One or a Playstation 4 if you really, truly want to keep playing this game. The population of users on the PC is pathetic. And that really sucks, since Modern Warfare Remastered has been awesome. However, they did add supply drops to Modern Warfare Remastered. That does suck, but for the people that really get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about that, I advise you to find another game to play. There is a new WWII shooter called "Days of War" coming out soon. Check out the trailers on youtube. It is possible that "Days of War" will be my Modern Warfare Remastered replacement. OVERALL VERDICT: It's fun if you like Call of Duty. It's not fun if you don't like Call of Duty. Please don't waste your money on the PC version of the game. Just please don't. You will regret it if you do. Guaranteed.
i cant belive a game of this size doesnt have ds4 support
Why I bought: The only reason I wanted this game was because Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare was my favorite Call of Duty (right next to World at War) and of course you had to buy infinite Warfare to get the remastered version of Call of Duty 4. Multiplayer: But since I had this game I thought I might as well give it a try. First of all the multiplayer is completely broken and it doesn't work, not to mention all the cheaters and hackers in the game, assuming you can even find a game in the first place. Oh and also, you can get banned just by accidently joining a modded lobby. Even if you leave right away... Single player: I have a pretty good computer. I7 4790k CPU, GeForce GTX 970 GPU, and 16 gigs of RAM. So not bad. And yet the cutscenes all shutter, the audio goes in and out, and the voices don't match up with the characters mouth movements. And IN THE MIDDLE of a battle I will get a random loading screen... But all in all the campaign is actually pretty good aside from those issues. You just have to PRETEND it's not a Call of Duty game and it's some kind of futuristic FPS game.UPDATE: I have to take back what I said about the single player. After I resumed my game (after a 4 1/2 minute loading screen...), even on the LOWEST settings the game was so laggy it was literally unplayable. Horrible game!
Games sucks compared to BO3. Zombies sucks in the new one.
Please be careful if you buy this game - it does not work on my machine and steam won't grant a refund because I've had it for more than two weeks, even though I have tried many times to make it work, and even though I now have a new machine its all in vein. Think twice before you buy.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare - Hackers like  is why you need anti-hack / PB or somthing.
Good port by a trash company. Nothing but poor support, delayed patches and no communication. If it was developed by any developer who actually cares about their players I'd recommend it.
sadly yet again a hacker infested CoD.
I have to say, this game was fun until the story went to total hell and stopped making sense.  The story builds up this climatic situation then just for no reason goes totally off the rails.  I really don't want to put any spoilers but if you played this game then you must have been annoyed to go through a whole ordeal and find out you failed because your super combat trained person in body armor can't even defend himself in a stupid fist fight.
Updated on February, 18th, 2017.It took them two months and a half to finally implement VAC into the game. Certain events, such as double key earn rate, don't come to PC for whatever reason, updates are still not simultaneously released on consoles and PC, you always have to wait at least one week, often longer. Avoid this game.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------A surprisingily enjoyable Call of Duty (that is if you don't mind the movement system) that you should still avoid like the plague because * Everything, be it a patch or whatever, comes delayed if at all and the community managers/ support team never seem to have any knowledge regarding upcoming patches either* It is unfinished; right now, you cannot even look at your own statistics (if you hover any player's name while in a lobby you get a patchwork excerpt of someone's stats that looks horrible and was patched in in an effort to calm people while something that should have been in the game on release is still being worked on)* Questionable performance considering that, while it does not look that bad, it certainly does not justify the hardware you need; also, occasionally you will get a lot of micro stutters during a game, which (in my case at least) also affected aiming/ mouse movement* Horrible netcode and lag compensation: When it usually takes around three hits to kill an enemy player with a certain gun and then there are some that just don't go down until you have fed them twice the amount of bullets* Also (this is just my subjective opinion, though) most of the gun camos, calling cards and emblems found in this game are the worst and most generic images I have ever seen. Some camos literally look like someone implemented a function in Photoshop that returns a random value between 0-255 and called it a dayDespite having a good amount of fun in the multiplayer part of this game, I still greatly regret my purchase because it is pretty clear that Infinity Ward and Activision do not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the PC player base.Still, I would like to give an award to IW for being the most incompetent AAA studio I have ever seen in my life
Just do yourself a favour and don't get this♥♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥
bought this game mainly for the mwr but both games run terribly mwr even tho locked at 91fps it still feels stuttery as hell also the first 30 seconds of every round are horendously laggy. and the campaign of IW im getting irratic as hell fps drops ill be at 125fps 1 second the next 5fps i feel they dont bother with call of duty for PC anymore they just shove it out and leave it
ok ive put in some hours so that i can give this as best a review i can. Zombies same old same old but is alot of fun downside is getting in is a little slow. Multiplayer is were this goes wrong its horrable kids with exe running and should you ever manage to kill anyone you are just a n00b nothing you do can ever be considered otherwise i say they are cheating because no matter the gun i equip theirs is just quicker rate or fire wich is fair but they all one hit kill no matter what i have shot with shotgun pointblank and its not killed in one hit but akimbo hornets for example do infact the ainbotters use these endlessly and just spam fire. the graphics is good and i don't mind the parkour dynamic but this game was not worth the money i paid the only enjoyable aspect is zombies save your money this game is not worth your time the community is toxic and your a n00b no matter what unless you wanna lower yourself to using the same hak proess these clowns use and a side note as far as i can tell this game has NO anti cheat system at all.
Shity Zombies francise :((((((((((
Multiplayer currently broken AF
Do i recommend this game? NODo I recommend Modern warfare remastered even if it comes as a standalone purchase in the future? NO
Actually this game campaign is quite good ,just that there are too many bugs.In the mission operation burn water : fight or flight .After being attacked by the Olympics, I can`t continue the mission. Since this is a main mission, I can`t proceed the compaign any further.P.S. After a few months, this bug was being fixed, but there are still other bugs haven't been fixed such as some of the cut scenes are being played twice and other problems.
Campaign was fun until the game decided to delete my save. Shame too cause this is the best COD campaign in a while
I bought this game to play Zombies.Needless to say i couldn't even find enough people to play it.I wasted around 30min of my life watching the same people join, disconnect, then rejoin.AKA. This game is dead. Let COD die with some Dignity.
Reasons why you should buy Call of Duty Infinite Warfare!1. If you enjoy playing games that crash on load up!2. If you enjoy random black outs during the game!3. If you enjoy winning a game of Hardcore Team Deathmatch and the game suddenly crashes on the last minute!4. If you enjoy spending 10-15 minutes finding a team to play against and getting the message "lost connection to host" serveral times11/10 would buy this game!
Through the prism, i saw very more disadvantages this game.First - horrible campaign.  Even ,,Jon Snow'' cann't fix such a fatal capaign.Second - bugs, so much bugs. That's game have more than year, and in some maps cann't play, because bugs prevent playing.Third - Unified multiplayer. When i fifth once play that same much i can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥But, the FANTASTIC mode "Zombie in spaceland" help game soo much. The nostalgia catch me so much, because i love the game with action time is years 80.One of the worst CoD games.5/10.PS. David Hasselhoff win all.
Meh.
The ♥♥♥♥ing game doesn't work!
What we learned from this game is that 1 is bigger than Infinite.
Generic campaign and completely dead multiplayer. I was never even able to pair up with someone in zombies mode on launch week.  I waited in total for about 50 minutes. Also the multiplayer has no anti cheat...Just let it die, folks....
HORRIBLE GAME. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!! PLEASEEEEE GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK
nevermind i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this stupid♥♥♥♥♥game
My review is for Campaign only (since multiplayer in this game is just a joke).PROs:- Graphics is nice, FPS is stable- Some vistas are stunning- Space fights in Jackal are a blast. Way better than air fights in BF1- Maps provide you enough tactial options to give you some degree of freedom- Some action scenes are really thrillingCONs:- SDF ideology is laughable. I suppose the idea was to collect everything which is scary for americans, but result is shallow and flat- Some story twists and mission decisions are completely stupid and feel forced (unarmed prisoner beats heavily armored, armed and highly trained combat specialist???)Overall, I would say campaign is somewere between good and okay and if you like sci-fi action it is worth to buy on sale. For a full price... it's not worth it.
dit is kak... dit was duur so eintlik lekker
No one plays it anymore
not recomended. first of all, no split screen, its amazing to think that we pay the same than console players and we dont have the same priviledges. if i want to play with a friend then he needs to buy the game and spend 60+ dollars, thats an abusesecond, the menu is horrible and confusing, cod 1 had a better menuthird, cheeters everywhere, there is no cheater security, there are inmortal players on every game and f]]]ing auto headshotsDONT BUY THIS GAME
Here are my first impressions of IW;Pros:1. Nice solid Guns2. Frame rates feel more consistent than bo33. Lots of ways to maneuver around4. Decent movement systemCons:1. Takes like a full round of ammo to kill2. Majority of maps lack colors3. Matchmaking is still pretty bad4. Some of the maps have to many corridors5. Still has horrible spawnsOverall, I can't say much about this game. You might like the futuristic-type cods, but personally it wasn't for me. Would I recommend it? Idk, it's up to you. I thought it was just a waste of $60. You might as well get a much more well made game for that amount.
Go buy a can of paint, paint a wall and watch it dry... You'll have more fun doing that, than playing this trash.
This game is basically a bad copy of Black ops 3, waste of money
i've learnt to never pre-order any games.
Terminal map /server/ is missing after new update.
Im a bit dissapionted at the moment just bought infinite warfare and all i can watch is the first cinematic then the game does an app crash straight after that! Any suggestions anyone on how to fix this issue?
I had to stop playing this game because of a level transition. I would move onto the Bridge of the ship and at this point the graphics degrade and walls of the ship are missing. Characters in the scene are similar to stick firgures with the characters not actually being rendered. everytime I try to interact with the command console the view turns left and the game becomes unresponsive. requiring me to shut it down completely. Basically the game does not work. I have tried adjusting setting on graphics and speed. I run a GTX 1070 graphics card and the computer is only for a couple games and an oculus. Disappointed.
Man....this game just sucks, let me tell you why:1.Multiplayer is full of cheaters with aimbot2.Camo challanges sucks a lot 3.It finds matches hard4.Supply Drops5.If you want to have good framerates play it on Medium settings6.You need to wait around 5 Minutes to get into a zombies match7.Movement system is just a copy&paste from Black Ops 38.The maps sucks about 2-3 months this game will probably be dead10. Only Campaign is good in this gameBuy it at your own risks.
Seriously another futuristiÄ�ki cod what the f*CK make  cod great again
Seriously another futuristički cod what the f*CK make  cod great again
This game is just rubbish poor campign too many space battles and as for the MP gee Titanfall 2 does a better job ..PC gamer gave this 48% During the campign it just stops the action middle of  shooting sometimes to load next part .  Only game that did that Half Life 2 but that years old. With 16 gig of ram and  a GTX 970 I would it to load with no stopping.  Titanfall 2 does not stop for loading while you in the middle of action.The MP is just respawn you dead not enjoyable at all.plus £40 for a seasson pass?   waste of money just don`t bother .
Only good thing in this game is campaign.... Multiplayer is rubish too many hackkers... Zombie is fun at start but u get bored to it very fast
Its garbage
Great for campaign which is fairly good. Multiplayer is shambles dont touch it! You will cry tears at just how old the engine they churn out year after year is looking.Get it when it goes on sale for $20 or under. I got mine for £12.89
Glitchy
Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥..
Absolute miserable performance, Beside that they finally fixed the UI in multiscreen setups, there is nothing optimized for PC. It feels like they went through the Menu of their IDE and pressed compile for PC and then went straight to delivery...
cant complan geting infinite warfare free with the remaster but infinite wardare is sooooo bad
Avoid puchasing this game. Numerous optimization problems that took weeks to fix, not to mention bugs still not fixed. Player count is well below Black Ops 3, hence it is hard to find a lobby at times.TL;DR - AVOID!
Call for money recycled warefair.Positives. 1.Single player.Negatives. 1.Out dated graphics  2.Boring maps. 3.Lag. 4.Microtransaction. 5. And everybody favourite. Tons of cheaters yeah. (No anti cheat)
Didn't enjoy this game at all - I like it when COD keeps it simple, which they have not done in a while.  Last COD game I will buy until they change my mind.
Cool storymode, Zombies Fun, Multiplayer is pretty good too. Only problem is the community is REALLY small and there's a lot of cheaters.New Update: Their new update is broken and gltichy and made the multiplayer and zombies unplayable. I'm not talking about it being super laggy (which it is), but you literally cannot access the multiplayer and zombies.
The first and only game I have ever refunded. The movement system felt slow and more than alittle clunky. The story didn't really DO anything for me I didn't care much about the characters.
I wouldn't recommend this game at full price.The single player does nothing to get me invested in the story, plot or the characters. The robot's funny, that's really all I gotta say about the single player campaign.The multiplayer, based on all of 1 hour of playtime feels very console-like. The movement is kinda nice but the maps seem to be specifically design to showcase how cool the movement is, not considering that it's, you know, a shooter!
Essentially Bad Rats in 3D
THIS GAME IS GARBAGE  WORST CALL OFF DUTY EVER
The game sucks... MP is just bad... They even managed to mess COD4 remastered up as well.
Shity game
full of hacks bad maps ... i was hopeing u could of done batter . i think this is the last time im going to play call of duty
want my money backmp games filled w blatant hacks......disapointing
Since i got the Digital legacy edition i will be reviewing both games in there current state 18/12/2016Infinite warfare:Single player: not bothered tbhMultiplayer: Not my cup of tea Vroom and jet packs arent my thingZombies: good but can get stale quicklyModern warfare: Single player is greatMultiplayer: Works for me again now, But why activision, Okay so you know those great spawns that were perfectly fine in COD4? Well they took them and went lets make them more awful, and they did they are 10x worse than the original, Backlot, Vacant, Bloc, Crash The the worst of the change.  Basically if i had to sum up They tried to make a good game "Great" and they didnt They made it worse a lot worse.Infinite warfare: 6/10Modern warfare 4/10
no good
Please make it so that you can upgrade to Legacy Edition. I don't want to play the garbage that is Infinite Warfare, kthnx.
Infinite warfare is an okay game...better than last year (in my opinion), but we all bought it for MWR i think we can agree on that. But no madder what version you got, you got IW. And IW is probably the most packed COD yet, but thats to be expected as its the current newest COD. Now the campaign is not bad it has an ok story, and the addition of side quests is pretty neat in a COD. So now on to the meat of the game...its multiplayer.(PROS) Now putting all BS aside with the movement and futuristic setting, the multiplayer is pretty packed, you have plenty of customization, plenty of guns, and plenty of supply drop content to acuire. And the main thing that i noticed with this game (not present in the previous 2 games) is that the supply drop exclusives are not that game changing at all...i mean i cant even name a single varient of gun besides the NV4 fallout that i get mad getting killed by. And even in common supply drops (which you get free every third daily login) i find myself being fairly satisfied with what i get. But one of the biggest things is that when they do add a new dlc weapon, you can complete a challenge to get it for free, alternativly though you can get any varient from supply drops and you will acuire the base model with that (simular to Advanced Warfare) (CONS) My first issue with the multiplayer is the maps (Including base and dlc maps) The maps are very colorful and pretty but they just arent fun to play on, nor are there that many (if any) notible maps; by notible i mean maybe being remastered/reworked in a future COD. Another big con to note is the dlc...they come with 4 MP maps and 1 Zombies map but you can only get these maps with the season pass, this to me is very unfair as i would like to be able to purchase the dlc i think looks apealing not being forced to purchase all of them at a $10-$5 off price. <-- = Anti-consumerism. But my biggest con for the multiplayer has nothing to do with the game but rather with my own opinion, and this has nothing to with me being bad or good at the game but no madder how good or bad i do in a game i find myself being bored and getting off after 2-4 games just because the game isnt very entertaining after that point. Now onto the 3rd gmemode and thats Zombies, Now i have not personally played or even watched gameplay on the dlc zombie maps so i will only rate on Zombies in Spaceland. Now in my opinion this zombies is my least favorite of the past 3. I liked the Advanced Warfare zombies because of the pretty god story and just the change and freshness it brought and i liked trearch zombies beacause...well who doesnt? Then you come to IW which is somewhere in the middle of these both it has that classic boots on the ground zombies and complicated easter eggs of trearch zombies but with the futuristic flair of AW Zombies and i just couldnt enjoy it, the constant boss fights, the over complicated (Underpowered) wonder weapons, and the confusing and tedious buildables to get to the boss fight (also confusing and tedious) plus its impossible for the average player playing solo. So all in all IW is a well rounded game but i would pick up the version with MWR included as you may get bored of this game quick but get it on sale...its not woth it at full price
Bought the game online for £26 thinking that was a good deal for Modern Warfare (didn't care for IW) and boy was I wrong! The game is very buggy and performance is dire. I seriously have not had a game run as bad as this since I started playing PC games. And to top it all off, Activi$ion have just added supply drops and CoD points the Remaster too which is a huge ♥♥♥♥ you to basically everyone. Thanks ATVI for ruining a classic game...
Bye Bye Infinite Warfare
Single player is typical of the COD genre. They tried to borrow from the old cod's by adding quotes but these did not hold the same gravity. Felt really weird and not right at all. Honestly, if they fix the mouse acceleration issues, i would probably still play the multiplayer. Finally, they need to release MWRM by itself. It is quite evident that knowone will bay $70 for the remaster.Do not recommend until this happens
This game so so BS. How is this even AAA? Its so poorly optimized, that on a GTX 1080, I cant get consistent 60+ frames. WTF kind of game in 2016-2017 cant do basic things like 60+ fps on pc? Activision is a terrible company and they are ruining a franchise that was once good. Dont waste you're time and money on this pile of garbage like I did.
MWR♥♥♥♥ they are actually ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. All of their games these days are just cash grabs... they promise to bring back a great game but they dont fix the issues, still waiting for that "1st week patch" that never came, and just as I was getting happy about the update adding more maps, they add supply drops and all that ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. THEY ARE RUINING A POTENTIALLY PERFECT GAME.
only get non-treyarch games during their seasonal year. you're too late now
Well the graphics are great gamplay is ok but the little kids that pay for hacks because they or thier dads have no skill have destroyed the game for all of us pure gamers , other than that i think treyarch and infinity ward should move away from steam and give the community back the control of dedi servers .....
They added supply drops to Modern Warfare Remastered♥♥♥♥ these corporate dogs, dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game .
not that fun
"we wont change anything for mwr"*changes everything
more stupid than ever, with only tubes and kill streaks, total no skill game.. trash bin !!
This is only about MWRNothing to say on IW, didnt play it, didnt intend to, just got 5 minutes to be able to post.For everyone who thinks about buying this for MWR only and expecting it to be true to the original: Put your wallet back in your pants, it's not.Missing from the remaster:-Sound Fixes-Spawn fixes (an in the original spawn system)-Server Browser-Visible Ping Numbers-4 Maps (Creek, Killhouse, Broadcast and Chinatown)-Solid Netcode that is at least up to par with the one from 9 Years ago-Anti Cheat System of any sortWhat we got what we did not want:-Matchmaking, with P2P matches more often then not-10 Tick servers (this is so sad its no even funny how bad it is)-Supply Drops-Alternative Melee Weapons-Rectangles for Weapons-Charakter Skins-A whole lot of DLC Cosmetics that were not part of the original gameSo if you think back to CoD4:MW and think of it as a simple down to earth CoD before it all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥and you expect that out of the remaster do yourself a favor: get the old one out, the one with server browser and less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and dont buy this sad excuse of a remaster.Also and i cant stress this enough: EAT A BAG OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ACTIVISION AND RAVEN SOFTWARE.
i'm running 8gb ram, i've downloaded the game and still cant get it to open, this is becoming frustrating
What a waste of money... Bugs bugs everywhere.
the game wont even load maps or models, tried every fix, KEEP IT UP ACTIVISION
This game is truly disappointing. The single player: combat is lackluster, story is excrutiating, and it's way shorter than any other COD game.The multi player: No innovation, plenty of hackers, and overall nothing that games like Titanfall 2 and Battlefield 1 don't do better.The price gouging: Modern Warfare Remastered is NOT included at the $60 price point (!). For a while, COD games have had "neutered" standard editions where DLC is all but required, but this game takes it to a new level. Don't reward them.IT'S NOT WORTH IT.
I bought this game at a nearby gamestop, and when i entered the code it took 4 days to download. When i started it u, it wouldn't work. Since i bought it at gamestop, I couldn't get a refund, and Gamestop wont take it back. I wasted $60 on this game, and doesn't even work. This is the only system that i have to play it on, and it won't boot up.
I would rather pay $60 just to get the Remastered and not even get the CoD:IW
it keeps crashing when it is updating something
♥♥♥♥♥optimization,♥♥♥♥♥♥developers
The game is alright, nothing special. But the dead player count makes this game not worth playing for multiplayer.
Infinite Warfare single player = Very good, probably the best SP in COD so far.MW Remastered = A piece of trash:1. There is NO ANTI-CHEAT.. 9/10 lobbies will have someone aimbotting shooting heads through walls (in Australia anyway, they were all criminals onces, probably explains why).2. Everyone gets frame drops at the start of the game, regardless of the gaming system.3. No ping indication, you can only tell by counting the delay of throwing a grenade.4. This engine seems to be the advanced warfare engine rather than inifite warfare engine, AW engine is trash. The new IW engine is really smooth, too bad.IW multiplayer = okay game, runs very well, one of the smoothest running COD engines since cod4MW.
Remastered runs so poorly. Infinite warfare isn't at all Call of Duty, and the zombies is not traditional Treyarch Zombies. Terrible games. Even with 2 games in one. I had a lot of hope for cod44 Remastered, but they blew it. No PC support, anti-cheat or anything. Terrible developer communication. A game released in 2016, 9 years after it's predecessor shouldn't run worse than the original COD4 in 2007. It's sad. Another failure activision. Thanks.
I like this game, but the game broke with the most recent patch so I can't play it and can't get a refund.lol
I am quite east going with games and this one could be cool BUT with silly things like having to disable antivirus so that you can have loading screens finish, full system reboots at random and nearly always out of sync dialogue in the cutscenes. It sort of spoils it. Normally I would clock up a ton of hours on a new game, but I've only racked up about 5 on this and I've had it a couple of weeks now. Trouble is when you get booted out of a game you tend not to be too bothered about reloading it. Fingers crossed it gets some attention so that the developers can get the priase they should be getting.
Shader cache populating 24/7
Well, first of all, I DO know CoD has always been a multiplayer game, but guys...seriously? 8 hours? It took me 8 hours to finish the campaign. With coffee breaks. Of course, I have to admit these were great 8 hours, but no way it should be a full campaign in any game. Especially for that price.
I want to refund this piece of ****!
sigh....im sorry i bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥! better off playing a 2d scroller game
VALVE ANTI CHEAT NOT ENABELD !!!!!!THE GAME IS NICEGRAPHS ARE 8/10WEAPONS 8/10 EXO  6/10 SERVERS 1/10FIX UR SERVERS !!!!!!!!
So I bought this (only for the MWR) and I'm massivley disapointed in both of them. I didn't expect anything from IW (but was still let down by it) and MWR is also really bad imo. The hit detection is as aweful as in the old one and it feels like it has some sort of internal lag.Money well wasted. Not gonna bother ever buying another CoD.To anyone thinking about getting this for MWR: dont.
I've loved the COD franchise for years and this is the first time I can recall feeling very disappointed in what I received. Besides the fact that the futuristic warfare setting is played out, the gameplay just didn't feel as fun as it used to be.
Only for sp. Don't really care about mp. Campaign is somewhat boring. I mean seriously I could not care less and was easily distracted during long cut scenes. The game is full of glitches from poor textures on highest settings to poor sound during cuts cenes. Graphics are... Poor when you look closer. Feels almost lazy and rushed out in some instances taking you out from the immersion. Have a look at the city below during the ship parade in the beginning of the game...  Pathetic. Simply textured blocks not even placed on the terrain properly. Could be easily hidden with the slight out of focus or just done properly in the first place. The problem with modern often realistic graphics is that amateur mistakes like this stand out even more.  And dont get me even started on manually opening the door on a bridge... Every...  Single.... Time... I've much more enjoyed Titanfall 2 on pc and...  Or even Killzone shadowfall on ps4 an old but better game in my opinion.  Now I've bought it for modern warfare remastered (which I remember as an excellent game, played it several times in the past)  and... Is another disappointment. The game did not aged well graphics are better but still feel like 3 years ago not a modern game. It is graphics update only and I do get the point but feel it had potential to improve much more than this. Some annoying moments when you die  and have to watch the in game intro scene over and over again before you able to take another try...  Just freaking annoying and could be improved. Wait for sale but don't expect too much.  I've purchased mine for £25 and for 2 games is sounds about right.
Enjoyable multiplayer ruined by hackers that track you through walls and snap onto your head instantly. Definitely going to encounter them every couple of games but if you play hardcore then it's 24/7. CoD4 and WaW had plenty of cheaters years after release. This game has just come out and it has less support - laughable.
I am a COD fan, this is not what I want.  I am back to battlefiled 1 now, XD
Game is fantastic, truly hidden potential in it, it's a shame all of it is♥♥♥♥♥♥on by the game's horrendous lag during online play.This is why COD on PC is dying Activision, you ♥♥♥♥ing morons
I got this game to get back into zombies and in that respect had a lot of fun. It runs great on my laptop and I really enjoy the game on Xbox as well. However it will not run on my desktop with an i5 and gtx 1070. The game will randomley crash a few minutes after starting. After atempting to solve this in a variety of ways I would not recomend for other users because there is a chance it will not run when it should.
Not what I expected
Bad game, too glitchy, no variety, no fun
This is undoubtedly the last COD game i will buy in a long time, i bought this from♥♥♥♥♥for only £18 and i don' think it's worth that, the game has massive FPS issues to the point that its unplayable and its not like i even have a bad computer. i have an AMD r9 390, 16 gb of RAM and an fx-8350 8 core proccessor and i cant get over 40 FPS. Even if i could get over 40 FPS i still couldn't play because hardly anyone is playing this on PC and the few lobbies i can find almost always have cheaters. if you want this game i recommend just getting or sticking with BO3 because there so similar in play style and BO3 is playable. i think infinity ward just tied there own noose and kicked the stool from underneath them....gg
the game's title must be changed from COD to something elese.PROS: it kills time It has a good crafting systemCONS: its a carbon copy of BO3 hackers (aimbots)unbalanced weapons ♥♥♥♥ing overwatch winston bubble the pump action shotgun is bad unlike BO3 Supply drops
gameplay meh, alright, camos not hard but stupid like hipfire kills with smgs, not worth it, cant even find lobbies anymore honestly my nat is mostly open/moderate, if u wanted a cod and go for black ops 3 instead, maps are bit that good. NOT WORTH THE MONEY, this game should be about £10-20. dont waste ur money, it might actually be fun if i could even find a lobby.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is a very specific game. It is basically a copy of Black Ops III, just smoothened out and the weapons changed a tiny bit. I honestly bought this game only to get Modern Warfare Remastered.
To be honest i expected more about almost everything. Campaign was entertaining and well made but quite short compared to BO3 and AW. Multiplayer have few decent maps but theres none maps i really want to play every time. In my opinion Terminal doesnt play well with thruster jumps and wallrunnign. I havent yet started about hit detection. SOmetimes happens that i spray close range whole clip with many hitmarks but wont get kill. Pls make those bullets count. How about supplydrops and keys to open them? Just on multiplayer it takes ages to get one key and only good way to earn them is actually playing zombies what i dont mind. Also i miss domination to HC playlist and many others like hardpoint i cant enter on public playlists even they are avaible in custom games, why that? ALso whats wrong with lobbies? Sometimees i spend 20 minutes finding game and when it finds it and loads in it instantly stops and shows message: "Unable to connect to HOST" and after it does that it says: "Game lobby closed". And that happens few times. Time well spent?  MWR seems quite good but as theres 2 CoDs released this year i really cant decide which i really want to play. Was it worth spending 79,99€ to this? I dont think so.
Worst cod.
This game is not supported at all on PC.  It launched without an anticheat and nothing is being done to stop the flow of blatant cheaters. Aimbots, wallhack, godmode.  They're all prevalent in multiplayer and ruin the experience completely.  Honestly, it feels as if PC players have been dubbed 'just an extra' at Activision.  They take your cash and toss you a broken piece of software which is badly made and has some of the worst netcode I've ever seen.  When there's no cheaters around, the host is king of the game. within the same lobby, I've varried from 0.1 K/D to 20 K/D and I've seen others do the same.  It's all up to the lag, here.  Microtransactions with RNG.  So, The loot crates are back and contain a lot of lootcrate exclusive variants.  The scrap system gives you SO little scrap that it's practically unviable to use and the key system remains the same as in BO3.  In short, a tasteless cashgrab, were it not that these variants do give you a real advantage.  For example no damage drop-off at range, extra extended mags, etc. All-in-all, it's a shame really.  The futuristic theme may not appeal to everyone, but mechanically the game is allright.  The lack of PC support and anti-cheat have ruined what would have been a somewhat generic but still very enjoyable CoD.  Would not recommend buying it until all of the above is fixed, if ever. Recent update:I've tried the multiplayer content again and I've come to believe that everyone uses an old 28k modem to play this game. Seriously, though, the chances of getting a game with a decent host are next to none. It takes ages to actually find a game and when you do, expect massive lag compensation all over the place. Expect rubberbanding enemies and disconnections. IF you get to connect at all
OK can i start by saying the most important thing to do before buying this game is READ THESE REVIEWS i really wish i had,the majority of these guys reviewing after purchasing this Expensive Load Of Tosh are not idiots. I agree with almost everything they are saying other than the odd comment regarding the game issues with hardware.( like the one saying he getting low FPS even with a Nvidia 1080 and FX6300 ) i run it on one PC that i built around a FX8350 with a Nvidia 1060 6GB i put in 16GB Ram plus a 2TB Hybrid Hard Drive and at 1080 the game runs amazing, the visuals are incredible and game play super smooth. So others having problems with FPS need to rethink the build and remember you cant just throw in the latest greatest GPU in an old Mobo / CPU setup and expect it to perform at its best ?.Any way back to the point of my review ? the Game ... Please read the others who have actually spent many hours playing it and after all that are giving it negative reviews and NOT recommend you buying ? i gave up with it after the start of the campaign and Multi player is a Joke..I advise save your money and get BF1 / TitanFall or Arma 111 or basically ANY OTHER GAME. OHH before i go I do like the Modern Warefare Remastered so all was not lost.....
I've bought the game , and It's work amazing , well That untill I tryed playing Camp or Zombies or multiplayer Well i didnt Crash or he it saying not responding BUT it complete Froze I could not Interract with it I had to alt + Ctrl + Delete to get Task manger up to Force end it Please fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game people are paying 40+ Pounds , Doller's Ect......
Best thing about this game was the Sunny Genesis map.  It made a change from the many dark, night time, rat run mazes which are claustrophobic and depressing. But I couldn't find it in custom games and it stopped appearing in the multiplayer rota.  Now I hear it might come back, but at night time. That means a lot of depressing night time maze maps.  With a whole universe of wonderful sunny planets to imagine. They instead defaulted to some dark wolfenstein maze thing. My nat is set on Moderate and attempts to change it to open have failed. Installing is a pain and long wait for something called Shader load, which has to be gone through when ever anything changes or updates like graph card updates. There are plenty of modes but only enough players to power Team Death match, probably because it's first on the list. Recent updates seem to make game false starts more likely and you can expect about 5 before a game with various reasons given. Acutual game play can get a bit laggy when you need it most and maps are made so you will be shot in the back for the most part.  The Campaign game has you picking some part of the solar system to take on the enemy. Shooting a wave or robots  flying badly around a factory shooting the enemy. There was a part where the door should have opened but others character just looked around. So the whole mission had to be redone. After getting stuck, at geting shot too easy in some part you will give up the pain. For the price the infinite game should include the remastered game as well.
Bad Just bad its better on PC then on console but its a ghost town no one playing hackers everywhere its a joke i have requested a refund and i am hoping it will be aproved i have 3 hours play time and thats all waiting time i have played well i dont know how many matches because the leaderboards are Coming soon..... COMING SOON!!! i hated cod for a long time my friends always convince me to get them "oh man its better this time " 2 patches later they all hate them i am done with cod on PC a Joke 3 HC modes TDM free for all something else who cares the crappy thing is its actually a good COD Plagued By bad DEVs decisions Stick to BF1 and remastered ya Right All they changed was everythihng you loved and added a game mode no one does Really Kill confirmed REALLY, DO NOT BUY!!!!
Do NOT play Infinite Warfare.Play World at War and Modern Warfare.
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR PC!!!!!!!!!there are many bugs that still haven't been fix and i've had this game since day it came out muiltplayer is terrible you can barely find a lobby to join and the campagin has may bugs that may not allow the progression further
This game is everything everyone hates about COD.. flopping hopping and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers.
I want a refund. No one plays, and the servers suck. Worse than Pokemon Go
NO ANTI-CHEATS SYSTEM and it should be obligatory..NO CINEMA....WHYYYYYYYYYYY NOTTT??????
I have only played Infinite Warfare a few times, but there seems to be a problem in getting the SDF forces to repel from the hangar.  I make it up to this point and can not open the door.  Salter who is suppose to set the door up for opening is on the hangar floor and nowhere near the door.  The other characters like Omar are there but I can't get the point on the door to open it so as to repel from the hangar.  I have started over three times now and the same thing always happens.  Salter doesn't show up by the door.  It looks like a bug but I haven't seen it observed in any of the forums.  Maybe I need to reinstall the game.  Any help would be appreciated!!
只想说一句，妈的服务器是个屎 啊屎啊屎啊，还是亚洲不友好，那干嘛出简中ONLY one thing i want to describe:The server is a♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!Perhaps it s a♥♥♥♥♥♥because i m in Asia,then why provides simpfied Chinese
Only mode u can find a game is TDM and most of the time u have to que for so long. Worst COD ever
One of the worst ♥♥♥♥ing COD PC realses to date.
I have given up on the franchise. i thought i would give them another chance, and i did give this game a good try, but theres some things that are really just not right. ()I feel like they have taken some of the best points of BO3 and tried to impliment them into this game. Things i like- ~The weapon customization~all of the attatchments are pretty good, things like optics and stuff. ~The gun play is pretty good, and kills feel satisfying. Things i dont like-~I feel like everything is very long winded, like theyre trying to squeeze every last hour of playtime out of you, (i.e. Keys to open supply drops) and if you want to get anything beyond diamond camo... youl probably rack up thousands of hours... 200 kills, and THEN you can go for your 160 headshots.... like come on...~Supply drops themselves, and the weapon varients, if they ever make it so that you can *buy keys* the game will litterally be *pay to win*
So I randomly got this as a gift, downloaded and launched it with zero expectations... and I still got disappointed. I mean, I'm thankful to the dude who gave me the game but I'm kinda sorta forcing myself to play it.The gunplay is bland, I found myself switching weapons all the time to see if I'd like the feel in any of them, but they all feel like loud toys. I get little to no sense of reward after killing enemies and the whole story feels like a really bad action movie. Not to mention I checked most of the items in my "crappy clichés for crappy stories" list:[x] Pretty white boy as the protagonist[x] Black man with a higher rank than the protagonist so nobody thinks Activision is racist[x] Shoehorned tomboy woman that ALSO happens to be latina so 1) nobody thinks Activision is sexist OR racist, 2) girls get interested in the game (trust me, no sane girl would play this big pile o' s**t)[x] Unskippable cutscenes with both amazing visuals and the most cringy and generic military lingo[x] Bland story and QTEs everywhere[x] Tons of explosions that attempt to cover how shabby the story is[x] The protagonist is basically iron man[x] Enemies are so dumb it hurts (snipe, get hurt, hide, autoheal, rinse and repeat)Not to mention the fact that higher difficulties aren't actually harder... they increase the damage you take but enemies are just as dumb, so instead of "run and shoot" it's "run and shoot from cover". I know what you're thinking, "gee Gaige, you're an impossible-to-please♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game ain't that bad!" and you're right! I found a way to make it fun (thoroughly recommended for people with dual monitors):1. Launch the game and lower its volume to 20%2. Open Netflix on your second monitor and watch the show of your choice while you play this... thingI'm binge-watching House and so far so good. Game is still hot garbage thobtw, before anyone gives me s**t for reviewing the single-player and not the multiplayer, I ask you: why would anybody want to play this POS instead of BF1?
this is one♥♥♥♥♥♥game and i tell you why!!! It does not ♥♥♥♥ing load ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ get the gasme fixed I will not buy another piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game from you idiots again!!!!!!! Very angry and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off!!!! It hangs on loading into the campaign and I have taken off all virus software etc.I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game!!!
this game must be the worst i`ve ever played alot of hackers in multiplayer makes it unplayable utter rubbish and a waste of money .
Campaign: mehMultiplayer: eh, a bit buggy, just play TitanFall 2Zombies: Pretty Aesthetic
looks like multiplayer is dead
Just here to repeat what everyone else says:A good game gone bad because of a lack of players.It's no fun playing a game you can't play because you can't find players...
total poo poo, whatever happened to online where new players were put up against one and other for their first few level ups?
About SP:Campaign feels more polished and better written than many games before. It's lightyears ahead of Ghosts and Black Ops3,Still, it's full of every clichÃ© and mechanic every cod has used before. The dramatic moments just don't hook anymore. It just fails to surprise or push for positive emotions. At times it's plain old grind.It has many mechanics similar to Titanfall 2 that should call for a lot of potential but it is all wasted.But, nobody buys Call of Duty for single player experience.Multiplayer was dead a week after launch. It same old cod with small maps, max 12 players per game and oriented for rushing and spraying. Couple everything before with same old matchmaking and low player count, add NO anticheat and you get a very poor player experience. You have so many unlock options for both guns and characters that either:1. IW wanted to cram everything into a single game2. They wan't to force you into microtransactions3. Both of the aboveIt takes literally months to gain salvage to craft more rarer weapons. You can also get them from loot boxes but the latter usually contain useless camos for guns. If you get a dublicate weapon from loot box, it's converted into salvage. The catch, of course, is that you get 99% less salvage than actual value of the gun.So to sum it up - if you haven't bough it. Do NOT buy it, unless IW rehauls the game (which likely won't happen). And for the love of god, don't buy season pass.Me, I'm just grinding MP because I have nothing better to do :(
Gameplay isnt the worst. Look at my hours played, i've come across multiple cheaters already and kids are crying about it in chat.Cant even find a ground war lobby, im stuck to TDM and DOM since player base is low.SP not bad.Zombies.. meh.MP = cancer.
the game it self its rubbish the remaster cooler than it...
no
No anti cheat, higher level people get far better versions of the same guns you have, does not update through steam so the updates take forever. Only about 1000 people play this game, and I can guarantee most of them only play it for zombies, which have a LUITween pool error that will randomly kick you from the game and you get no credit. Oh and the game isn't even finished, basic things like custom emblems aren't even in the game yet. I think people should be able to return this game despite play time considering it's not finished, doesn't work right, and has no player base.
possibly the worst call of duty in history.heres a more in depth look at WHY this game is horrible.this game is horribly optimized for pc, sensitivity isnt numbered base, its literally a gray bar so good  luck with finding out what your sensitivy is like. on top of how bad the servers are with it kicking you out of games because of "unstable connection to host". they didnt even bother optimizing MWR as in every begining of the game you join in you get total lag burst that pretty much lowers to frames to like 10 for a solid 1 minute if not less or more from what ive heard.despite MWR being the only reason like 80% of the people even BOUGHT the game it really shows how little they gave a F*** about our communty. cutting in half the population with seperate servers for those who bought it off steam to those who bought the hard copy (disk).infinite warfare on its own is just a really bad game to play along with being so damn boring, youll pretty much get tired of the game within the first 2 games if you havent rage quit by then with how many hackers you run into, melted by the amount of broken weapons, or just angry with the amount of people literally spawning on top of you.the game is so badly made thats its actually astonishing to hear they took 3 years to make.1. SPAWNS: spawns are so poorly thought of or coded that it literally has you spawn on people or youll run into the same person in half a second. the game spawns make it feel like you pretty much have 0 time to breath before your next fun fight. all i can say is when we complained about ghost having so big of maps, its safe to say they listened and exaggerated the maps to being literally as big as nuketown. except in nuketown at least you have an idea on where the enemy spawns.2. WEAPONS: every call of duty has a a few broken weapons right? black ops 3: vmp, man-o-war, brecci. though this game takes it broken weapons to literal new extremes. this game is pretty much AR central, making anything else entirely useless. smg's being so underpowered that if you can even control the recoil youll have about 4 shots to hit before a kill compared to the amount of 3 shots, no recoil, fire rate of a smg, AR's that will pretty much melt you if you even come in contact with it. but they should have fixed it right? the game has had, what, 2 patches since release? nope, they fixed the names being twitchy :D! what a deal right? we get horribly broken weapons in exchange for our names not twitching! fair trade.3.GUN SKILL NO LONGER REQUIRED: you would figure an AR or at least an smg would be able to counter an akimbo auto pistols right? nope. since this game is the only game to make laser sight relevant and for good reason. ADSing might as well not even exist. slap on laser sight with the sh**** weapon varients making their hip fire MORE accurate basically allowing someone to spray from half way across the map and still hit more than enough shots to kill someone, i know cause ive tried. so if you were that guy that loved to use the akimbo fmg9's from back in MW3, than this game will be perfect for you cause now YOU HAVE MORE SUPPORT :D! to those who hated those weapons, do not waste your money on this game.the game is over just trash to play. runs horribly, looks horrible, gameplay is so goddamn dumb that i feel like ghost had s** with black ops 3 and made a stupid baby. if you are REALLY curious and just want to test the game out for yourself before giving your own opinion, i would at least advise you to wait till infinity ward grows 2 more IQ points to realize we want a hack protection not being able to see our name not twitch. they literally prioritized a bug where BOTS, F***ING BOTS,wouldnt be able to pick up crates over a hackshield. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU GOT $60 DOLLARS TO BURN. i would advise you, again, to either wait for an ACTUAL USEFULL patch, or spend money on a game like titanfall 2 where they actually listen to their communty and not money wh*** the s*** out of us. literally any other game besides this is alot more worth the price, battlefield 1, titanfall 2, black ops 3 (which has a bigger population), anything else.
in game, won;t let me in servers, lots of lag, lots of hackers, has aim assist for certain controller, which is basically cheating,
Multiplayer Review:"Preloading Shader Cache" - wtf is this its 2007 (it takes 15 mins+ for me)??? WTFThe maps are awfull looking,Hackers all over the placeTakes ages to get a gameNope, get Black Ops 3, Titanfall 2 or Battlefield 1.
Right, I'm going off what I've played from this wonderful compendium of cancer. I've put a good amount of time in the zombies mode and multiplayer. Oh, also 10 minutes into the story but I can already freaking tell what is going to happen so I've just stopped wasting my time trudging through that when I could have more fun seeing how many thumb tacks I can swallow before passing out.I'm not all too good at reviews, so I'll just tell you what I've notices about each of the modes.Multiplayer - Most maps don't feel like anything, one in particular has no character at all and feels almost laughable when I played the first time (a map on an ALL WHITE SPACESHIP). Fighting against robots and other stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥is in the game, so if you like your call of duties with fast sliding man who ♥♥♥♥ off double boost jumping to space every 4 seconds then this is the cesspit for you. They also have health bars and lots more health - which imo doesn't work too well, maybe if I pump adderall into♥♥♥♥♥♥I'll be able to keep up with the intense cha-cha slide that comes your way when you engage people in combat.Zombies - It's a cute little mode I guess, all guns feel and look and sorta sound the same - but that's an overall problem with these future 3D printed f*ck fests. I'll have to say that the zombies mode is fun for a few hours, but not worth getting the game over. Get any of the Black Ops games and you'll have a much superior time - even the Pack a Punch in this game feels just dissapointing - the camo isn't badass like was present in other games. I do like the way you can put little sights and attachments on wall guns in zombies - but you could do that in black ops III, a meh but largely superior game tho this. Also, they have zombie crates for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason - it's laughable and I don't understand it.Campaign - Robots, future and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've noticed that the missions ain't really too fun to play through listening to music - so I assume they are supposed to be enjoyed for their story. The problem with this is when I mute my music, I hear the painful dialog between a man who is racist to a robot who I can only assume will make a big part in the story when he finally accepts robots. I don't need this in my life. Robot racism.TLDR:Campaign : Robot Racism with a slow story.Zombies : Play one match and you've experienced it all. Also, zombie crates that give rare zombie skins.... *sigh*Multiplayer : Gross map design with no remarkable maps like old installments of the call of duty series. Also same thruster and disgustingly fast paced with high health bull-sh*t combat that was loved in past games.
micro transactions out the♥♥♥♥♥no real gameplay, just whoever has the most money wins.i only got this for mwr
If you buy this game convinced that you'll be able to get back into CoD like the MW2 days, you'll be disappointed and get bored within half an hour. I promise.
cant find cod mw remasterd
♥♥♥♥ this game , just bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥.
NOT RECOMMENDED!, crashes on me a few times. error message (directx encountered an unrecoverable error )
NO PLAYER THIS SUCKS!!!!
It took me 30 min to join in a multiplayer & end up it pop up "unable to estable a link" WTF is this.. it's been happening over and over again !!!! COD is getting bad at their network... Seriously after years of years and i notice COD is getting worst, especially when it come into multiplayer connection. My network work find in BF1 & Titanfall 2. I super regreted to buy this game !!!!
Call of SHiTNESS : iNFINITE ♥♥♥♥edup
In all fairness, I am only writing about the Multiplayer experience. Worst game in the series since Ghost! In fact, this is Ghost. Just with new camos. They seem to spend so much time on gun variations and cool new textures to put on old guns, but they can't seem to figure out the simple things like matchmaking... improved hit detection... getting rid of cheaters... allowing friends to actually party up and find a match... In their last patch they said that they had remedied over 1000 bugs... that tells me 2 things. 1) That they released an incredibly buggy game (we all knew this already). and 2) since they didn't fix any of the aforementioned "real" problems with this game they just probably just further spent their time finding ways to reach into the consumer's pocket selling 'impossible to get' rare items. This maps on the multiplayer are mediocre at best. There are no classics here. If you are looking for the next best COD... skip this one. I spent $100 on this thing and I totally regret it. The "remastered" COD 4 isn't quite as "remastered" as they want you to believe. It's all hype. Save your money.
Servers are horrible on the PC sadly.... :(
I don't quite know how to describe it, but this game just feels off. The multiplay mechanics are terrible, and the gameplay feels sluggish, and is not fluid at all. Weapons are definitely not balanced. I 100% regret spending money on this game. Never thought I would say this, but Black Ops 3 was & is waaaaaaaay better than this game. This COD feels like a step backward. On the plus side, the single player campaign isn't half bad, although still not worth the $79.99 cost.
I wish I could enjoy this game, but I really don't.the best part about infinite warfare is honestly the Modern Warfare Remake....Infinite warfare single player is fun as ever, but the multiplayer is -imo- very un-fun.It is just a brainless superfast paced run and gun. Don't get me wrong, people can actually get good and have really good reflexes and find ways to outplay.but there is 0 strategic aspect to it, as I can guarantee you, that if you spwn and run forward for 5s, then turn back again, someone will have already spawned in your back.the fun part about the game used to be one side fighting the other, while getting hold of certain locations, or trying to breach them by forcing your way through or flanking.my bad experience will probably also be because of the fact that I am a newby at this game, but this in turn highlights the next point of criticism:- the matchmaking is random as♥♥♥♥♥.. lv 1 players get matched with the highest levels and obviously the other way around.- I feel like I don't even get the chance of learning the game as I get smacked by experienced players.-Also: how can it even be that I barely find matches in anything other than team deathmatch?the wait times for matches are that of a 3 year old game...I you don't care about the money, go ahead and buy. But I recommend picking up another game as the market is stacked anyway.
The games great before the update, but now everytime in lobby for multiplayer it suddenly kick me out without notice and when i tried to exit it freeze. Dev .....come on , get this game work again. it fell like the worst $79 game purchase that i ever made.
this has go to be the biggest waste of money going. i only purchased it for MWR and the online capabilities just arent there. theyre shocking i havent been able to play a single game of miltiplayer as of yet an the campaign to IW is too easy even on veteran. havent been able to try zombies either yet as IW wont allow me online either. Stick to Battlefield 1.
hummm what can i say for a game that i cant even have some decent multiplayer hour gameplay? when in a game that only is possible to find(rarely) players in the same gamemode "deathmatch" ya im not happy at all, the community is so divided in therms of servers that is a joke, by what i know that are the "sony" lobies,  the Windows lobies and the Steam lobies, we(community) all should be playing together, for that i must give to multiplayer a 5 out of 10.The campaign was actually fun but at the same time too too short, 7out of 10 and for the Zombies i have to take my hat off because was the part of cod iw, was fresh complex and new form what we are used to, i dont recomend buying the game for the full price but when the price comes down like 50% ya you should buy it mostly for the zombies in spaceland and campaign
You like being shot through walls? How about the enemy always knowing your location? Impossible headshots constantly? This is the game for you. Im pretty descent at the game but man this game is a haclers dreamland. for hackers 10\10for the rest of us 1/10
Infinite Warfare is a great game, but Modern Warfare Remastered is much better. Once all of the issues are patched, such as: the unbalanced gunplay, the constant studdering, and the lack of an anticheat, the game will be much better. My favorite part of all of Infinite Warfare would probably be the zombies, Infinity Ward did a great job on it this time around. All in all, I wouldn't recommend buying it on PC yet, at this moment in time, console is probably your best bet. My Rating: 6.7/10
~Infinite Warfare~I love this game, it truely is an amazing game. From gameplay to UI, and gamemodes (zombies included), it's just a fun experience. But... There are no players, the playerbase is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the only mode you'll be able to get into is TDM, no hardcore, no gun-game, no domination. It's only TDM, and that's because the playerbase isn't there. ~Modern Warfare: Remastered~This is also just an amazing game; if you played the original, it's the exact same game, same maps, same guns. It's almost perfect. Almost. Like IW, it has the same problems, but it's worse, there are evel less players, meaning you will soley play TDM, and nothing else. If you want to try to play any other gamemode then you're just going to sit in an empty lobby until the end of time. Not to mention it's really unoptimised, having two 1070's and still getting less that 50fps on low settings? What the ♥♥♥♥? I'm playing on 1080p with every single setting set to the lowest it can possibly be, and yet it stutters and drops frames every few seconds. ~Conclution~ If you're going to buy this game, get it on console. Call of Duty, the entirety of the franchise, is just better on the XBOX or PS4. Not because it plays better, the keyboard and mouse are always going to be more precise and fluid, but there's millions of people playing, and you can play both of these games how they're meant to be played. Maybe it's gonig to be fixed in the future, but for now... It's not worth the $80 it costs to get the two on PC.
I wanted to recommend IW.  The campaign is surprisingly good, and the fundamentals of the multiplayer seem solid.  I even prefer the movement in IW over Titanfall 2.But holy crap, the player base for this game is God awful.  There are hackers in every other match, and the player base is so small that you keep seeing the same offenders over and over again.  At peak hours there only seem to be a few dozen players online, and off-peak you better put the coffee on, because you're going to be waiting around for a while.I've played bad games, but this is the first time I've ever felt compelled to actually review one.  Infinite Warfare is worse than bad: it's disappointing.  The elments of a great online experience are here, but IW bungled the execution.  They need to look at what happened with BO3, and what they did here, and figure out where the disconnect is.
Totally sucks.Tried to get my money back just so i could buy a gun and kill myself.Got denied.
I have been playing this game since release and I like all of the features that have been put in the game. But the amount of Hackers/ Cheaters take all of the fun out of the game, and it doesnt get fixed.
HOW DO I PLAY SPLIT SCREEN MULTIPLAYER!?!?!?!?!?!!
Was trash when I first posted this and still is, along with the franchise for the most part
IF U HAVE A DUAL CORE DONT BUY
Okay, I usually dont write reviews but I had to write one for this game and Ill split it into two parts, IW and MW Remastered. I enjoy playing Call of Duty, been playing since the first MW. Now since they announced they were remastering the game, i was like hell yeah ill like to play the game that I use to come home from school to play again. But you know, they need to stop.Infinite Warfare.Its not a bad game, but please stop making these futureristic ♥♥♥♥♥ of games. We are sick of it. I only bought this game to get MW remastered. Played a mission or two of the campaign, eh its fine, Ill finish it later on in the future. But obvisouly you buy the game to play online, and oh man its horrible. Noone plays anything except for Domination and Team Deathmatch which get boring as hell. I want to play FFA but again noone plays it. Plus they dont even have SnD?! Like wtf? So thats a huge let down.  Plus the guns feels the same to me and the maps are so not memoriable.  Zombies, idk its mixed for me. Like its pretty obvious you guys are not taking it serious and you will never be able to top Black Ops Zombies, sorry but not sorry. I mean its okay for the most part, but its just no. Just no. Modern Warfare Remastered.Yes it is gorgeous. Same everything. Of course this is the only reason why I bought this game. Do I regret it? Hell yes. Again, noone plays anything but Team Deathmatch and Dom. Like come on guys? Headqaurters was the♥♥♥♥♥♥and easiest way to level up and noone even knows about it. Speaking playing.. I really ♥♥♥♥ing wish I can play it on at least NORMAL ♥♥♥♥ING SETTINGS!! I can only play the game on low settings with no shadows, with no blood, no nothing, and i have a decent computer Specs.Intel Core i5 64008 GB DDR4GTX 970 4gb Like how can i not run this game without even have any settings above Normal?!?!?! At least I dont know what I am doing wrong, but that is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Infinite Warafare barely runs at 60 frames, even with the constant frame drops. If a game  does that, why even keep it? I can not even refund it and now I have to keep these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games on my library now. The campaign is well the same old campaign so I cant really say much about it. Its just honestly ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting.Do Not Buy This. It Is Not Worth It. Stop Supporting Call of Duty Games.
The single player campaign is fine for CoD, but if you are here for multiplayer this game is a total GHOST TOWN. Sometimes waiting 5+ minutes during off hours if I can even find a match. Any mode besides Team Deathmatch and off-peak multiplayer is impossible. You'll find matches at prime time, but the crappy matchmaker might pair you on a team that's 3 vs 6. Repeatedly. After many hours of playing, I'm giving up trying to wrestle with the multiplayer. It's just not good enough to be worth the effort and it's not getting any more popular as the days go by.
At launch the game was complete trash no matter what. It finally got "some" patches but it's now playable trash.Multiplayer is fine, exosuit movement is annoying, maps are bland/forgetful, and the loot system breaks multiplayer completely. You can find variants of guns in lootcrates that take balance and throws it out the nearest airlock; they buff various stats on guns from accuracy/damage, to rate of fire changes (change a burst fire gun to full auto  that normally has high damage at cost of firerate, but with the variant, it completely does away with the "balance").     Multiplayer is pretty much dead though. Right now (free weekend) you'll find some low level players and it's actually fun if you play with them because they're starting out fresh too. But just one "Pro" player can ruin the whole experience; they've been playing the longest so they have the top tier variants for the guns, full attachments, and just have plain more experience with the game; it makes it really hard to enjoy once a high leveled player enters a match (it's not their fault, the game itself is just broken so higher levels really do make or break a win).Zombies is fun, but do not pay full price for this just for zombies. The levels feel like a more fun version of Blackops 3's open ended levels; there's a lot more to do in them and they look like the developers had fun making them. Highly recommend playing with friends though.     Modern Warfare Remastered. Everyone I know (and me) bought this game soley for MWR. How is it? If you asked me at launch I'd say good (if not for performance issues back then). Now? It's trash. Campaign is fine, but they got so greedy, they added micro transactions to multiplayer. How? By adding more guns to the mix (that do not balance well and their models/textures stick out like a sore thumb)), more paint jobs (not a negative), variants (not stat variants, just changes the base model of the weapons (really not a negative; still the core gun but it changes the model, not paint)), and character creation. Wait what? They added a character roster you can choose from now and unlock newer ones that look "cooler" from crates; you can also change their uniform camo.     They also added female characters; that's not a negative, but I was lied to when they said Modern Warfare was just getting a face lift and being the same game we remembered. So much has changed that this just doesn't feel like MW1 anymore. If they follow this trend of lying about Remastering the game and leaving it to it's "core", and then months later change the formula for the sake of more money, they're going to lose way more fans and then wonder why. And hey, they also added a dlc pack for MWR that added maps that should have originally been in the base game of MW;. AND IT'S NOT EVEN INCLUDED IN THE SEASON PASS.     Honestly didn't play much of the singleplayer. I heard it's good for a CoD campaign but it started off to slow for me to get into it (one hour in, story didn't hold me, never got to any action (I'm lazy sue me)).     Still after all the patches and a completely new computer with much higher specs than when I played at launch, I'm plauged with stuttering frame rate.     TL;DR - Multiplayer is loot based, Zombies is fun with friends, Modern Warfare  Redesigned no longer follows MW1's formula, and Singleplayer is apparently good (didn't hook me within an hour of playing; I'm lazy dammit).Do not buy for more than $15-$20. No one plays DLC maps except Zombies.     Also they added Terminal from MW2 as a revamped space station map. It's a great map, if not for exosuits (the map layout wasn't made for them, it is almost a 1:1 recreation of MW2's). When you've played all the Infinite Warfare maps and then play Terminal you'll definetly notice the difference in care for level design. It's really almost sad once you compare the Terminal map to the rest of the game and see how CoD fell from Modern Warfare.
Graphics doesn't feel natural anymore and gameplay isn't as good. Also the menu transition and everything seems really bad. It has a feeling like playing in a cartoon. Also maps are either too bright or too dark. I think it'd have been a better decision to just add new maps to the Black Ops 3 rather than butchering the game :(
Terrible game, spent ages downloading this huge turd. then had to wait for other stuff to install in game after installing the whole game... then i go straight to mulitplayer cause who cares about cods sp experience nowa days. to get a multiplayer cutscene... wtf? mulitplayer shouldnt have cuntscenes dude. havent played yet cause the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game cant even get you into a match without the whole thing crashing :L  i can hear the bf1 music playing in my head right now.
This game makes me miss CoD:Ghosts.In my group of friends, I'm still the only one who plays or ever played Call of Duty. I did enjoy Black Ops 3, but this game is so much worse. Campaign is enojoyable but short. Zombies felt forced because CoD = Zombies right? Multiplayer is trash, especialy since the series started putting variations of weapons in crates to buy. Community is small and shrinking, but people do play. Every match has people flying around for 75% of the rounds.Don't bother with MW:Remastered. It's a terrible PS4 port, crappy connections, and almost no player base. They even patched out the numbers to precentage of players because the numbers were so low.BTW: I'm still waiting for my shader cache to update...
The game storyline and gameplays are rather like Mass Effect while I'm expecting to play a Call of Duty.
cheater everywhere, same in cod4 rem .... SHAME ON YOU!11111111111111
Unfortunately, after great effort I am still unable to get the game to load.  Therefore, I have no other choice but to recommend to anyone considering the purchase to not do so.  However, I admit I witness a friend playing online and was impressed at how TERRIBLE the game has become.  Someone should tell Activision that we expect things to get better each year, not exponentially worse.
wow lol, get this for £10. crysis 3 looks and plays better from 2007, cash grab company.
Another garbage game from a washed up studio, Infinity Ward. I'll give credit where credit is due as the campaign was....ok, but nobody buys call of duty for the campaign they buy it for the multiplayer, the multiplayer in this game is on par with advanced warfare, its awful. terrible chaotic maps where you get shot from all over the place mostly from behind, and they have stupid gun variants so people that might of just started playing the game could have a very powerful variant of a gun that has powerful perks that people that have been playing for a month or two dont even have.....not sure how thats even considered fair but yet again Infinity Ward proves that they are nothing more then a washed up studio that couldn't make a good call of duty if their lives depended on it. Hopefully this is the last call of duty we see from them...
this game has serious issues. from the day i got it (release day) to present day. just issue after issue. im lucky to even be able to play the game at all. and when i do it is unfullfillng because like all cod games, it lags and is unplayable. campaign was good and the weapons are good and all that kind of stuff but the settings cause problems apparently and multiplayer is barley even playable so good game if you dont like playing online. the custom game where you can play bots is fun. but gets old if youre playing by yourself. good for practice of course but then it doesnt matter since multiplayer online sucks. i wish i could give this a better review because i do like the game and sniping reminds me of ghost (which i liked) but i cant since the main reason i play cod is because of online play. my internet is faster than most ( way more than i need ), and my computer is more powerful than most people. the issues are with the game ( as far as i can tell ). also i didnt have any problems running games until i got this game, so i dont know what the deal is other than the game is just full of issues. every now and then i can get a good game in with very little lag and its pretty fun except for the ocasional stutter, actually it stutters quit a lot. anyway, guess i will be moving on to titan fall 2. -------its funny to me how evryone says something different about the game. i read several reviews and every one was different  ( for the most part ).----- just a few more comments: i did not notice any hackers. i did not notice any hit dropping or whatever you want to call it. as far as the other players go, it seemed really toned down compared to other cod games. felt like playing noobs to me ( most of the time ). as far as online game play goes, the only thing i noticed wrong was: match making takes forever ( have to wait it out ), it stutters badly pretty much all the time, and it lags bad sometimes, but sometimes it does not, its really weird. also when i first tried to play this game a got a VAC ERROR, ( saying: unable to verify vac )  and spent a lot of time figuring out what the problem was and it was really frustrating, but i finally got that fixed by going to a discussion about CS:GO VAC:ERROR, and trying the different recommendations there. for me i had to type the recommended command propmts in order to fix the issue. SO, PEOPLE SAYING THERE IS NO ANTI-CHEAT, DOESNT MAKE ANY SENSE TO ME. i didnt even know what VAC was until i got this game. -------also like i said earlier, the settings cause issues for multiplayer and even the campaign. i had to change some settings in order to play the campaign without it crashing, pretty significant issues with running the game.---- and today online, i had a problem connecting to the host and had to once again change the settings in order to play, its just weird any way you look at this game. ----- save yourself some money and play something else is my recommendation for this game, unfortunatly.-------still unsure??? check out the bug fixes for this game, i actually got tired of reading them and stopped half way through. although i didnt have any of the issues i read about, it is absolutley insane, the amount of issues this game has. the fact that these people would release a game that is this messed up is beyond my belief. im done with this franchise for good. sorry to post a negative review, i really dont want to.
I was playing for like 2 hours and then the game just crashes now i cant start it .......
The worst port I've seen, i with gtx 1070 and i get many fps drop from 60 fps, i play on ultra with 1080p 60hz and this game only give me fps drop so the game is broke !!! ea need to fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥game !
just why
Short review; interesting game, terrible multiplayer.If you want a fun multiplayer experience you'll want to skip this or get it for the MW remaster.Singleplayer campaign seems quite interesting but has rather frequent FPS cutouts, ruining the immersion and the fun.Game's worth a price below 20 bucks, if you get the remaster with it, other than that i'd say no.
WORST COD EVER! This is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, game is broken. Lag-compensation, lack of any anti-cheat system, minecraft-like graphics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ futuristic noob-friendly gadgets are completly ruining this game! This is for sure the last IW COD that i buy...
Same♥♥♥♥♥♥ different name. Maybe next CoD will be called, Recycled warfare.
This is the worst game i have ever played, the fps cap, Can only get a Team death match lobbys, time to kill, are just some of the things wrong with this game  i have 39.4 hrs game play at the time of reviewing this
Nice player base, plus im not spending the first 20 minutes "loading shaders" lol are you okay?
i have had nothing but headaches with this game connot even play the game it keeps freezing up .
Wasted all my money on this game. for multiplayerToo many hackers,So much lagCrap gameplaytoo many overpowered weaponsdead so quickly no time to turnWhy the hell put snipers in? all noobs do is run about with akimbo.Nearly as bad as ghosts.Thats me finished with Cod games now theyve just got consoled to death.Sick of all the worsening Cod  games and lack of support for pc players.
Pretty great game to be honest. Pros:- Doesn't actually let me load into a game so I don't have to play it- Crashes once or twice a minute if you try and load it- Comes with a decent game if you decide to get the Legacy edition (although MWR is pretty half-arsed too)Cons:- Slight fps issuesPretty sure at this point Infinity Ward and Co. are aware that they are producing absolute garbage but there are still plenty of foolish people still buying it ( Like me....) FeelsBadMan ;'(
I mostly stick to singleplayer, so that's what my review will reflect.   So far, the campaign is ok, but I feel it lacks some of the gravitas that the early modern warfare's had.   The Sci-fi setting is ok, but the biggest thing it does for you in ground combat is give you sci-fi guns that fire energy rounds and lack some of the "oomph"  of the regular weapons.   Flight missions are a decent change of pace, and the 3D combat is interesting, but amplifies any issues that might arise when you're taking damage but aren't exactly sure where it's coming from.   Biggest issue so far is a game-breaking bug in one of the Titan missions that stops the game from progressing after taking-off to orbit near the end of the mission.   The game leaves you hanging and the mission won't progress.   Checkpoint revert is less than a minute before this point and doesn't fix the issue.   As of now, there's no way I can reccomend the game, especially at full price.   I would certainly wait until the mission is patched before considering a purchase,  but overall, if you're purely interested in the solo campaign, I would reccomend Titanfall 2 over this.   The campaign is shorter but the characters are better and the story moves along more without getting caught up in more repetative battles.
Hated it, it was complete garbage nothing but hackers. The servers are lagging constantly. I want a refund immediately
Gra jest droga, ma błędy, i nawet na dobrym sprzęcie wywala błąd directx. Załuje że wydałem 60 euro na nią.Not recommend this game because has lot bugs, it's overpriced have problems with directx on good rigs.First turn on take too long.Thing it's my last Call of Duty.
Pros:+ good campaign+ (more or less) good graphic+ good gameplayCons:- no anti cheat- bad servers- multiplayer: killed after 2 hits (no matter which weapon)- long waiting times- again future
I thought i would give this game a try regardless of all the bad reviews, Even though the first two days were constant diconnects from servers and game lobby kicks I assumed this would eventually fix itself. Im at the point where i cant return this crap. My work hours seem to only allow me to play at low population hours.. Crazy janky game play (not always but becoming more frequent) its draining any possible enjoyment. A plus note is the campaign seems awesome though i havnt had time to fully enjoy it.
this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...no one ♥♥♥♥ing plays. ive been sitting in a zombie room for 2 hours and guess what no one has joined.people only play deathmatch and thats it. i dont mind the game i just wish more people played
♥♥♥♥ing random frame drops and a hacker's galore, there isn't any type of anti-hack. Can't play more than a game without a hacker coming in and ruining the fun, also serious unbalances in alot of the guns
Awful
cannot load passed loading screens and joining multiplayer
i can't even get past the initial cinamatic on single player. multi also won't work for me. when i msg steam they pretty much told me "tough♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; can't reccomend a game i can't even play.
Holy hell, I played one round and didn't even finish it. This game feels slow and moves like you are stuck in tar. The audio is absolutely awful. The fake laser sounds in the old star trek movies was better. This is 2016 and Call of Duty has take more steps back in quality that Bad Rats sounds like a better game. Never would I ever recommend anyone to buy this.....save yourselves
good going dev team, you include an update with all these "fixes" yet manager to break it so i can't play fullscreen properly.selecting fullscreen makes the game fullscreen, yes, but limits mouse movements to 1920/1080 where the windowed version was previously. not good when you're playing at 4k.only way i can get it back to fullscreen is using fullscreen/borderless (like seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥ is the difference between fullscreen and fullscreen/borderless?) but then it locks down my resolution, refresh rate and a ♥♥♥♥ load of other video options.how can such a big company, get it so wrong?so far, don't waste your money. modern warfare is worth it, but the problems that persist are not. wait til it either comes out on it's own or you can get some incredible deal on it
Campaign is great but thats where it ends, multiplayer is riddled with hacks & the game does NOT have any anti-cheat detection... Games is dead
DO YOU WANT A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME THAT WANTS TO MAKE YOU RAGE REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING HARD THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!:)
It runs very smooth and plays surprisingly good, even if its the fastest CoD ever. It's more like Quake or UT now. That's ok, it's fun.BUT: - after 4 weeks and the second patch the arrow-keys-bug still isn't fixed. But hey, they made the menu look better. WTF?- hosting system ruins 50% of the matches, because a 56k user with a 4x86 CPU is chosen to be the host. Then your game feels like you were actually playing on his machine.I really like this CoD, it does several things right again. The campaign was very good. But the above mentioned is a middlefinger in my face.(At least MW:Remastered is as good as I remember the original)
Poor Performance (Mp 91 FPS WTF?)
1/10.- We called this next-gen 3 years ago- And again, the third time in a row, Infinity Ward has made a horrible game- No VAC System- No team-balancing at all- Sniping is impossible in this game- Zombies doesn't make any sense- THRUSTERS! Just because we ALL asked about it, right?- For some reason IW thought that a Pay-to-Win system was just a good idea- The specialist weapon is way weaker than normal weapons.... seems logic to me, no?+ The '1' is because atleast they tried
wat
This game, unfortunately, very very boring. Nothing new the same .... as before. Try something new Activision!
This game is not worth your money at all! Handguns are more powerful then any other weapon in the game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer maps. Campaign is good but its not worth playing a campaign for 59.99. This company doesnt listen to the community at all. Total waste of time!
Zombies is good, multiplayer blows cheeks.
Everytime I start up the game, it will crash saying iw7_ship.exe crashed, I havnt had a chance to play it yet so i cant give it a good recomendation.
P.O.S.!Complete Stutter Fest, right from the start of the Campaign!!Unplayable!!!ps: I have the latest drivers for my 3570K + 1070 + 16GB system. :(   No problem with Advanced Warfare or Witcher 3 but just can't play Infinite Warfare!
I don't complain about hackers, but it's obvious in this game. it makes the 45 minute wait for a game not worth it.Zombies is fun.  all-in-all:: I Regret buying this game.
terrible game
With 902 players playing...Jesus Christ can't save the game either.
Garbage +♥♥♥♥♥♥match making
Can't get it to load, it locks up!!!
This game is horrible.  Too many hackers and game lobby is busted.  I want my $$ back.
IW AND MWR REVIEW(MWR)CONS-Frist off MWR has awful optimization. the worst I have ever seen on any AAA title and it's pretty sad-My stystem is well over capable to run this game at max settings at around 100 FPS and it wont-crashes constantlyPROS-when it doesn't run like garbage mabye %2 of the time it's fun to play and sniping is really fun.(IW)CONS-Horrible graphical bug where my game is at highest settings and its low res textures and its been that way sinse release aparently-Runs like garbage-pretty bad overall-has awful, just horrible input lag. all my controls are usually delayedPROS-Its really fun when im not having the issueBONUS: If you're looking for a refund good luck. these horrible games cost me around 4-5 hours of in game playtime to fix the horrible stuff that Activision should have fixed, but didn't and it's still not fixed. and I can't get a refund. I'm trying to spam the refund request stuff until it'll get accepted I hope.
no anit cheat
Really not that great..-Unstable- - - You're godlike when you're the host- -shot first still died-75 points per kill in Domination- 2 lobbys max.- killstreaks are crap for real !- no vsat. Adv. UAV can be countered by ghost and needs 12 and a half kills (the ♥♥♥♥ cod?)- Host migration- Salvage is earned very very very slow.- Variant weapons are OP af
Won't run at all on my pc
The 1st few levels are fun then it just becomes a boring slog - been there done that on a 1000 games, when its £10 buy it I had less fun than in ghosts - and thats something special
dont bother, campaign is okay but not worth the money. no anticheat multiplayer is full of blatant hackers, no updates since release to fix anything. not to mention almost impossible to find games because no one plays. if you like solo zombies then go ahead, because you wont be able to join your friends with there beind infinite error codes on attempts.
Can i refund this game or is there no refund policy... ?
WORST DECISION EVER. Why? Because these three facts:1. Runs slow on a OVCD GTX 1080, 16 GB, SSD, i7-6700K - EVEN THE INITIAL PRESENTATION ANIMATION RUNS SLOW. Dramatical FPS drop down in random parts of the game.2. ONLY A MIRACLES GETS YOU TO PLAY ON-LINE - you can wait at the lobby for hours, days, whatever. You won't be able to play when you want, I feel like a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ waiting for nothing. Today, after waiting for one hour when the game was about to start, SERVER DROPPED MY SLOT.3. ASKED MY MONEY BACK AFTER PLAYING 3.5 HS AND RESPONSE WAS NEGATIVE BECAUSE OF A 2 HS POLCIY FOR REFUNDS.******************************** AVOID BUYING THIS GAME ***********************************************************************
Bad Stuff-So many crashes in multiplayer-Not a lot of players-No Anti-CheatGood Stuff-Campain-Looks Cool
I like the game just notice that the Multiplayer is absolutely crap honestly BO III was better that this if you want to play a good multiplayer game you cant because unlike BO III there isnt much weapons in the game even older games had more.The only lovely thing about this is the campaign it has one of the most memorable campaign same as the modern warfare series but in only 1 game. And the characters you get attached to them just like in MW.Pros-Good Campaign 18/20Good CharactersGood Audio TracksZombies is pretty good if you have friendsCons-Multiplayer is Sh*tSnipers are a bit bulky unlike in BO IIIQuickdraw isnt really quickdraw for SnipersToo little weapons (For now might change)Less Dynamic For Example in BO I - BO III you can shoot Bodies and they shake or move in IW nope.Less Customizable features (For now)Overall- The Game is great it just doesnt have the vibe anymore I see why many people hate Infinite Warfare now. This is the last time I will purchurse any Call of duty Dating from Infinite Bullcrap to the next games in this unforgiveable franchise which changed from a lovable game to complete garbage what the comunity wants is some thing that draws us into the game I wish i could of gotten my money back from this game but the campaign took awhile. The overall story is COD is a dead franchise now thanks to this broken game.
Cant Find a Lobby no ones playing T.T
i checked my libary played it for 2 hours checked if i can get it refunded it said i had 3 hours of playtime
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! There is no player base on pc, no people for multiplayer!! You will waste your time!!
Worst cod in all i played. Not so good graphics. waited for 30 min for a multiplayer match
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!I have played 21 minutes of this game in the menu screen. There was nobody playing online so I started a single player match with bots but I couldnt get into A SINGLE PLAYER MATCH! It spent 5 minutes loading and I gave up!If this is not enough for you than the icing on the cake is that I cant alt+ tab out and in again without the game crashing!
Locked all DLC up in Season Pass.
almost all of the bugs that was in ghost,  Is in this game. I hope it will not take  (IW) as long to fix it as long as it did in ghost!! I could use all kinds of words to describe how bad this game is. But, the English language does not have the appropiate words to describe it.
This is a decent version of CoD (I prefer Black Ops 3) with good graphics and decent gameplay but if you use the arrow keys instead of the WASD keys, I would not recommend this game. There is a serious bug in the game which severly lags the arrow keys to the point of being unresponsive. Pressing two keys together sometimes has no affect and sometimes just stops you dead in your tracks.I am amazed that such an obvious flaw in the PC version wasn't picked up in the testing phase of the games development.Disappointed in Infinity Ward's sub standard testing of a "AAA" game.
I'm just writing this review for the badge. But this game does suck.UPDATE: It still sucks
For one the game wont bloody load anything, I can load the menus with more that the minimum requirements. It just seems pointless really because Modern Warfare also hit insane frame drops on maps like Crash and Crossfire when ther is little to no combat. Other maps for instance Shopment are just cancer because it a 6v6 in like a 12ft square.Honestly wouldnt buy this game going off the minimum requirements. Go for hardware like:- An i5 to start with @ 3.7GHz- 16GB RAM otherwise the game crashes at 8GB- At least a GTX 9 or 10 series OR the AMD 400 series (If you want to play a pretty game)Anything less than this and you may as well be playing with a lemon battery and a cardboard box as a computer.EDIT:I've also now come to the conclussion that activision have forgotten what "Balance" is. like seriously 9 rounds from an Ak-47 at close engagement is beaten by about 6 shots from an MP5. Alright, not to mention that the game is pretty much unplayable and is so unoptimised for PC. What really grinds my gears though is every game is infested with muppets with sniper rifles trying to "trickshot". Then chat♥♥♥♥♥♥when you "Camp" with a sniper. Sorry NO thats called sniping, how a sniper can have to wait for a week to shoot one bullet. Yep sounds like hes just a camping ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
No Anti-Cheat No PlayersNo MatchesConnection issues
This game made me hate everything CoD has become, and my life. I wish to die after playing this.It really shouldn't be a game, a novel or short story would suffice at this point cos the story isn't all that bad actually. Just plays like cancer, and don't even get me started on the broken multiplayer.Please kill me now.
10/10 would refund again
So, technically, I'm kinda new to CoD franchiseNot a fanboy of any kind of FPS, btw.For what I thought of this game, it's like, meh.- Campaign is okay, but easily bored- Multiplayer, don't even ask me. Hard to find a match.- Zombies. Good enough that the Key system syncs with the Multiplayer, but you can barely find a match here, like, no one plays it, at all! Still, a very enjoyable mode, but if you want to waste a damn ton of money just for this and Campaign... I don't know what to say...6k people are active in this game, none go for Zombies coop :(
FIX YOUR GAME! HOW IN THE HELL CAN YOU LET PLAYERS HACK LIKE THAT, FIX IT NOW! YOU'VE LET THIS GO FOR SO LONG. REGARDS OLD MW FAN.
Infinite Warfare sucks. No need for an explanation it just sucks. MWR on the other hand is OK. Not optimized well at however. FPS drops like crazy and not gonna lie. Jugg ruins sniping for me. IW - 1/5 / MWR - 3/5
Terrible game.
Waste of money, Cant find a match to save your life unless you want to wait 30 minutes, the game is dead.
Honestly, great game. People are just tryna follow the hype train of hate just to look cool, or they just don't like the space and advanced crap.NOTE : I DONT HAVE MW3 REMASTERED SO IM NOT GOING TO HAVE PROS AND CONS ON THAT GAME. Pros :Zombies is AMAZING!Easter egg is so fun.Campaign has a well thought out, long story that kept me excited for hours.They brought back some classic guns (OSA, Intervention, and M19 or whatever that gun is called which is the M1)Rigs are good, but almost like a BO3 Copy, aswell as the "ultimate" as I call them.Cons (a lot of opinion) :The game is a pain to play in multiplayer, choppy, freezes every second, laggy, too much HUDIt takes WAY too long to rank upThe queues are so broken because you have a team of noobs and the other team is ESL ProsThe starter guns do absolutely no damage so the game is pay to win instantlyThey brought back SUPPLY DROPSYou die way too quickly, it is frustratingGame is very overpricedVery unnesscessary things are included like motion blur and ect.For my final opinion, I honestly don't recommend this game unless you want to pay $60-$100 for only zombies. Multiplayer and Campaign is good and all but it's just so annoying. Plus, theres like 5 million hacks already released for the game so, hackers are everywhere. The P2W is over the limit at this point. Ripper is OP, and it is a P2W gun aswell so you will get SHREDDED (if you play zombies you would mabye get what i tried to do there :P) when somebody on the other team has the gun. Well, thats my opinion on this game, GL if you play multiplayer because it is an ABSOLUTE PAIN.
This game is horrible garbage.  I got a refund.  Total POS.
This will likely be the last call of duty title I'll buy. Ridiculous. Even MW remastered runs worse now than it did back when it came out. Plagued with constant rubberbanding and lag (and I'm monitoring my connection... dedicated line just for gaming...) Spend your money on something else.  Other games you may actually be able to find a multiplayer game to load into no less. Not even a month in and it's almost impossible to find a match in even the popular game modes. For reference there are about 15 or so game modes you will NEVER find a match in.
The multiplayer and campaign suck ... I mean, they are terrible.The Pros:ZombiesThe Cons:Everything else.Zombies is literally the only reason i bought this game, and it's worth it if you dont have XB1.
well where to start. bought this for the remaster and well if anything its a total shambles. the stutter is soo bad at the start of a game that its unplayble for atleast 2 minutes. and then there is the intermittent stutter throughout the whole game. totally unplayble. and its not just me. every room someone pipes up complaining about stutter and lag. well done infinity ward for delivering a broken game. excellet work. should be proud.
Despite the fact that there legitimately are things that I enjoy about this game, I can't reasonably recommend that anyone buy it. More info:
I have tried to like this, I have brought each call of duty but this is the first I have disliked the game.The single player was average at best. I could not feel connected with the characters and the gameplay felt a lot to be desired. They could of done so much more with the missions but they felt half done.As for the multiplayer it felt clunky and slow. I would recommend Titan Fall 2 instead.
i don't like it
i don't like it
I do not advise buying this game, this game is not worth 60 € nor 10 €.If you have to think about buying it, give it up, it's not worth it.Even the COD4 remake sucks
The arrow keys are glitched FIX IT. When i move it goes like normal. but when i run/jump it doesn't work i was goin left but it didn't work i just couldn't move.I have this problem with all the arrow keys. It takes a little time to recover. when i tried it with WASD it worked fine but i ALWAYS play on the arrow keys. The game works fine and iI realy enjoy it but the glitch makes me rage at somepoints in the game: In the middle of a fight, while wall climbing and just by walking. So here have a storie of creepypasta: I stand at the top of my stairs, socked toes curling into the carpet as one hand squeezes the door handle and the other hovers over the light switch, trying to decide if it’s safe to turn the lights out. It’s nearly seven at night, I have about an hour before sundown, but it’s just dim enough in the stairwell to make me doubt if that really matters. I stare down at the welcome mat, and though I see nothing, I know the thing that lives at the bottom of my stairs is watching me, too. I know it’s gauzy white eyes never blink, and that it’s teeth, thin and too long for it’s mouth, extending far past it’s leathery lips cannot smile, but I feel as if it’s grinning at me. I know it’s gaunt, lanky limbs are curled and crouched around it’s small body, waiting to lunge the second the light is out.I know it isn’t real, if it was real I would be able to see it, but even as I remind myself of this, I leave the light on.You see, I made him up, the creature that lives at the bottom of my stairs. I’ve always had an active imagination. Many children create monsters or imaginary friends with rules; a man who runs beside the car, but can only run in the shadow of the vehicle. A ghost who befriends you, but is invisible to anyone older than you. A monster who waits at the bottom of your stairs, but can’t move until the lights are out.I’m not sure why I never stopped doing this. I’m approaching my mid twenties, and most children stopped around ten. Or at least they stopped talking about it. I try to keep my concerns to myself, though I have had to explain myself a time or two as to why I have to be the one who closes the door. I’m the only one who knows what he’s doing, because I created him.The worst part is I know that he only exists because I think he does. There have been weeks or months where I can go up the stairs to my apartment and not feel his eyes on my back, his claw like fingers waiting to rip into me. All it takes is a stray thought, and he’s there again.There have been times where I was too slow to close my door after I turned the light out. Nothing happens right away, though I know he is in my apartment with me. There is always a chill in my spine and a cold stone in my stomach when he gets past my door, but it’s not like he drags me down the stairs or anything. For some reason, though I know he is capable of killing me, he doesn’t.Even when I succeed, sometimes there is this dull thudding noise that starts at 2am, and continues until sunrise. Like he’s slamming his dry, callus, too big hands against the door. Demanding I open it and let him in. This has been the hardest part about accepting he is not real, because I have had guests ask me about the noise. I never know what to tell them.Though on the nights he gets in, I can feel him watching me from the doorway to my room, which unfortunately shares a wall with that stairwell. He sits in the same spot all night, breath wheezing out his squished, bat-like nose, body twitching and contorting as he runs his clawed fingers over his face in anticipation. Though I will never claimed to have actually seen him, I will say I feel as if a trick of the light or a stray shadow have sometimes looked as if they were trying to reveal him to me.My biggest worry is I think he’s getting closer with each time I fail. He started right outside my doorway, but he was a mere three feet from me the last time. I can’t really tell, because he isn’t real and because I can’t see him, but I think he’s getting more worked up. I don’t know what he’s so excited about, but I can guess it will happen when he has made his way to sit at the foot of my bed.I think he’s getting faster. I have been failing more often than not to keep him out. It won’t be long now before he reaches his goal, whatever that goal is. Maybe it’s to torment me, and feed off my fear of what he’ll do next. If that’s his goal, he’s succeeding.It’s killing me. I can’t sleep knowing he’s there. I know he’s never attacked me in the past but I’m always scared that tonight will be the night he decides that enough is enough and goes for it. My lack of sleep is hurting my job. My paranoia is ruining my relationships. All I do is sit at home and hide away from the creature I don’t know how to stop.I’m sick of it.So tonight, I’m not going to hide. Tonight, I’m leaving the door to the stairwell open when I turn off the light. I’m turning off all the lights in my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ apartment and I’m going to sit on my bed in the dark. Tonight when his twisted body lunges and lurches its way into my room I’m not going to pretend I don’t see him. I’m not going to pretend that just because I made him up that means he’s not real. I’m going to look him in those disgusting cloudy eyes and accept my fate. I’m tired of waiting.
WASTED
The game is partly broken on PC.
Cheater inc.(WIN)-Infintiy Warfare out(LoSE)-shame on you
wouldn't bother buying unless you like zombies thats cool, it blows my mind how the make a game worse and how much they have ruined MW, cooperate bullsh*t sucks money with zero investment or very little complete bore of a game.
does't work THE GAME WONT WORK ALWAYS SAYS THAT YOU NEED TO GO THE README i DONT KNOW WHAT THAT IS AND THEN IT TELLS ME TO PUT IT IN safe mode, well safe mode dosn't even work!!!!
For story, COW always better than BF (both 1~4, hardline)For Multiplayers, BF1 Fair Fight works better.  With COW:IW, you need to report cheater(s) per two matches, but they still alive after 2~3 weeks, and their magical gun also upgraded with Close Quater headshots (Kill over 22 man with headshots by sinper gun for single match, single round, within any range). 360' Auto Aim.  Always check and shot the wall first, and shoot you later,,, By the way, you may see someone use shotgun headshot you in sniper range... but you also see him got banned if too many magic power on hand... But COD... so powerful and impressive..COD should add some achievements such as "Best of the best cheaters (Single Match)", "Cheats of the year (Overall Scrolling)" "Cheat Master" "Witcher" ... etc. I removed the game, it might be better later but I can't play anymore with cheaters controlled matches
Truth be told. It's not COD any longer, if you liked BO3 then you'll like this game. It's not a large amount of people playing it but the campaign and the Zombies is worth the discounted price on discount sites. I wouldn't pay full price for this game at this moment since it's missing features and gameplay elements. I don't recommend the game at this moment but I will update this review once I start liking the game and they fix some of the core issues.
So with all the hate regarding this game I did not want to buy it at first but I was curious so I bought it anyway. First off lets start with the singeplayer, the singeplayer is very similar to any other Call of Duty in the way that is is very scripted and has lots of explosions but the difference this time around is that they give you a lot more freedom, you got main missions and also some side missions in gameplay terms it functions similar to Advanced Warfare with all the exo suit jumping and sliding and in terms of weapons. You also have space combat what feels very enjoyable and looks cool, the single player is actually pretty enjoyable and it gives you a good amount of content. Zombies:Zombies this time around is pretty different is drops the more darker horror tone and goes with a more funny and colorful tone. There is 1 zombie at the moment a theme park the map is pretty big and looks very good. Zombies feels very different and a lot easier you can take a lot more hits this time and you can slide no exo suit tho. The biggest problem I have with zombies is that the playerbase is dead meaning that finding a match can be difficult there is also a skin and leveling system like in the multiplayer what feels a bit out of place. overall zombies feels pretty different but still is fun to play if you can find a match that is.Multiplayer:The multiplayer is really like any other Call of Duty, with the whole unlocking and leveling system it has a good amount of maps and feels pretty balanced but the biggest problem is that there is no Anti Cheat meaning that you will see a good amount of Cheaters especialy in Team Deadmatch it just sucks and takes away a lot of fun that you can have in the multiplayer because it is pretty fun it is nothing new but the system still works.I think that this game could have been a lot better if they had a Anti Cheat system and just worked a bit better to get a big community at the moment there are not a lot of players and this means that is hard to find a match in all game modes, the singeplayer is fun but not really worth the full price for it alone and that is the biggest problem if this game was cheaper I would recommend it but at the moment I just can't because there are to many issues, if you can get this game for around 20$ I would recommend it you can get a good amount of fun out of it, if you like Call of Duty's.
Absolute rip off! It has cost me another $100.00 in data installing and reinstalling. I've downloaded and updated my NVidia driver and the game will not load up. I've even transferred it to another drive with more free memory than it should ever need to operate and still it won't load up. I am sooo p!ssed at Infinity Ward and Activision.
Oh boy another year another COD this time with COD4 Remasterd... better i invested that money on something better like drinks and food then that cr@p let's start first with MWRHORRIBLE no matter max settings even lowest game have horrible issues i don't think that will be ever fixed (same as ghosts was...) movement is really wierd slower then original and best of all they removed those bouncing tricks now it's just normal boots on the ground game .. it's not was it used to be before we all know i mean i love those graphics for remasterd ver. it's nice but that kind of port they did is horrible and 91fps lock are you kidding me? it's near end 2016 and still infinity ward can't put all together and give us a true pc port like they used to do back in good old days. if Raven Software who is responsible for making remasterd don't fix it this game will be rememberd as worst of the 2016.INFINITE WARFARE: okay about this bonus game...Single player: don't have anything to say except it's nice emotional touching story reminds me of mw2 days...MP: Well they bringed fov slider up to 120 which is nice and so much graphical settings we can change i like it BUT still they didn't move that much from Ghosts.. (oh boy..) there is still 91fps cap same as in MWR and this one is a little bit better optimized cpu usage gpu usae ratio is pretty nice easily can be achieved 60 with max settings but the matchmaking and hackers killing the fun here on this game... im not sure is reporting cheaters ingame like they said works.. and 3 weeks since the game is out player base is really really low im not sure this game will even see a day on mid  june with player base above 10k.Zombies: well it's a mix somewhere between 3arc's zombies and exo zombies it's new breed of zombies nice setting that's the only thing you can enjoy with steady framerate so much things you can explore it's really nice not good as 3arc did but it's nice. So my whole opinion is: save your money don't buy it.. for now game needs to be fixed otherwise it will be dead very very quickly we will see if they gonna setp up and fix all those problems regarding poor optimization and see if they STILL care for us PC players.
Shi.tgame :DSays 8gb minimum but still crashed bcuz reached the ram limit....GG
i have played every call of duty and i can honestly say this is by far the worst. i only bought this because i wanted modern warfare remasted which is pretty poor aswell.
พอร์ตกาก ภาพวุ้น เทคเจอร์หาย เนื้อเรื่องส้นตีน แพงด้วย แต่เล่นสนุก อ้าว งงดิ
The game is fantastic... the story is wonderful... BUT YOU CANT CONTINUE IT... WHEN YOU ARE TRYING TO GET TO SPACE A LITTLE BIT INTO THE FREAKING GAME YOU CAN'T DO ITAT ALL!!!!!!! im really triggered because they said they fixed it but i hav just played it and they havent fixed it...I LOVE THE GAME BUT I CANT PROGRESS IN THE GAME AT ALL...DUDE TITANFALL 2 WORKS BETTER ON MY PCAND I LIKE THIS MORE BUT THAT WILL BE BETTER THAN THIS IF I WONT BE ABLE TO PLAY IT!!!!seriously thoiugh they really need to fix it
Dont get this game now theres no anti cheating available too many hackers atm
Cod is dead!!!! Dont waste your money obn this game, i refunded after 20 min.
While Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare has major problems on the multiplayer being lackluster. The campaign is well-written to the point that it can be considered one of the best campaigns in the franchise. Zombies in Spaceland is quite a fun map as well for Infinite Warfare's first zombies map but don't expect it to beat Treyarch's rendition of Zombies. All i can say is if you want a good story to playthrough sure, pick up Infinite Warfare. But if you're getting it for the multiplayer, you may want to look elsewhere and skip this title.
This game is one of the worst multiplayer games that I've played. Within a minute in the first match I knew that I was done with this game. This game has no character like some other Call of Duty's. It's basically: walk, shoot, game ends.I think I'm done with all CODs except Treyarch. This game is a clunky pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ And it only has 1,700 concurrent players on Steam at this moment, the same amout that Black Ops 3 has right now; Black Ops 3 came out last year, Infinite Warfare came out 24 days ago. This game is pure trash and wouldn't recommend buying it even if it were $10.00~♥♥♥♥ YOU, ACTIVISION!~
so i bought this game on sale thinking that it would be great.especially when on saleso far here are my problems:Infinite Warefare- God Awful SLI Support (running one of my gtx970's gets massivly better performance than two)- Random Dropped Frames- NO Splitscrean Support- bad settings manager (some things aren't accurate and wont let you change them)- default frame rate is 50fps and when set to base mode it struggles to hold that- Flashing lights and shaking character models make everything look like a tech demo- Seperating the windows and steam store front serversMW Remastered- Frame rate issues- Mulitplayer Servers Capped at 6v6 they used to be at 24v24 so now the maps feel empty and kinda awful- UI "upgrade" isn't as nice as the origional- Mulitplayer servers are having a lot of issue with lag that make playing really sub par (MW *origionals servers are still up and have better pings)So to be fair what i was able to play wasn't bad, there did seem to be a storyline, but it isn't worth the sale price of $60. I would come back to the game if they fixed their frame rate issues, gave support to sli, and add local/ online splitscrean for zombies and mp.- until then, i will be hoping my return goes through.
IT SUCKED♥♥♥♥♥:)
this game does not even work and i got it with the remastered modern warfare. So can you fix it
sad
The controls are spongy and unresponsive. I remapped the movement controls to the arrow keys, and after that the game becomes unplayable, with noticeable lag between key press and movement, and certain key combinations-e.g. forward and left, or forward and right-just not working. Same computer, OS, keyboard etc. that plays Modern Warfare and other FPS games fine.
Disappointing.
As a CoD fanboy, I have to say that this is my least favorite CoD when it comes to the multiplayer aspect.
played and love it but in the end where reyes landed on mars, i walked a little and then crashed with the error "vehicle is using a transient model veh_mil_ca_olympus_mons_rig but that transient is not loaded. What the heck is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ someone tells me how to fix it pls.
With sadness, I cannot recommend this game in its current state.The campaign is enjoyable, albeit short. What really kills this game is the HORRIBLE multiplayer experience. There are so many aimbots that it is simply a waste of time. The netcode itself has a horrible refresh rate (I've heard 10 Hz floating around, or around 100ms) that leads to very frustrating "Shoot first; die first" situations.Campaign: 7/10 (several bugs forced me to restart and ruined the immersion, but the story is very fun)Multiplayer: 2/10 (has lots of potential if they fix all the bugs and boot all the aimbots)
MP review: Nothing tactical about this anymore, just pure arcade mayhem. Too spammy and no excitement in constant barrage.
Game is just bad. Dont get it.
Shettt.
At first I thought this was gonna be better then BO III but after a while I noticed that this game is even worse when it comes to campers and hackers... and this really really ruins the game for me ... Also I find that the developers made the game overcomplicated when it comes to loadouts... good singleplayer though.GreetingsKevelar
Cheaters land
Oh my God, where to ♥♥♥♥ing start. I bought the legacy edition for the obvious reasons, but at the same time I was hoping to maybe enjoy this game. The campaign is bad, like if Mass Effect wasn't an RPG and had no defining charaters or decent story and the zombies is fun for like 2 hours, but the multiplayer. Dear God the multiplayer, I have never had such an awful time playing a Call of Duty game. Advanced warfare was better, the return of the infamous "Chain based movement" grouped with the bad server issues and completely dead pc community, makes this a gargantuous piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ MWR is good though I guess and if that ever comes out as a solo title I do urge anyone who like the old call of duties to buy it.3/10 - Campaign is best part of Infinate Warfare and it's just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mass effect wannabe. 2 of those points are because Jon Snow.
Most flawed Call of Duty ever.PC players get updates MUCH later than console. Edit: VAC has finally been added.I've seen people getting all the camos, master prestige and tons of keys in 5 minutes with cheats WITHOUT getting banned. I mean, WTF is this.. It's not even worth playing multiplayer anymore.Gonna play it just for zombies easter eggs, since multiplayer has become the least competitive game I've ever played.
Sometimes it good but it bad
Battlefront sounds better
I mainly play single player campaigns. Not even managed an hour, as it's buggy, stuttering video playback, crashes and when it did run it wasn't fun to play. In the first couple of minutes I was sick of crashing into scenery I couldn't see. Then the encounter with the giant robot that again was just frustrating not fun. Then multiple deaths trying to work out what action the game wanted me to do to prevent death.Ergh, life is to short and there are too many good games to put up with this steaming pile of annual exrement.
Do nothing after CG, I need swich to desktop then switch back, let it repeat CG I do a skip CG. when I want update ship, it swich to  It confuse me where to go...whatever I just wanna the remaster version
I have bought and played this game. The campaign is not bad. Quite interesting in my opinion. However, the multiplayer mode is stale and uninteresting. It is even worst than the multiplayer mode in Black Ops 3.Then the game will continue in the background even though I have exited it and it is not running on Steam anymore. I still can hear the game music in the background and I cannot shut down Steam due to the game still running. I was like WTF? Come on.This franchise is great in a sense but its quality is dropping into the abyss of nothing rapidly. Soon this franchise will die off without even causing a stir in the community.
I will make a review based only on the multiplayer part of the game, and i will answer all your questions so you can decide if the game it's worth your money or not.>T H E G O O D< Q. It's the game running on a smooth 60fps?A. Yes, it is. I have not encountered any FPS drops and/or lag till now. All the maps are almost perfectly optimized.(PC specs)CPU: AMD FX-8350 8cores 4Ghz GPU: Gigabyte R9 280x 3Gb GDDR5 384-bit, 1100mhz DDR: 16GB Kingston HyperX BlueQ. Are the Killstreaks over-powered?A. In like any other Call of Duty there are lethal killstreaks that helps you dominate the map and killstreaks that only gets you like 1 or 2 kills, its about you to earn a bigger killstreak. But most of them do their job. Q. It's the kill rate faster or slower compared to Black ops 3?A. It is faster, its somewhere between Black ops 3 and Ghosts, but it's perfect, not too slow but not too fast. You will always have time to turn around and kill the enemy that was shooting at you, and/or escape a fight and run away so you can regenerate your health. Q. The new crafting system its good or not?A. I find the crafting system a big step against the pay-to-win system. As i compare Infinite Warfare with Black ops 3, all i can say is that IW wins at not being pay-to-win. You can achieve all the weapons by crafting them, later or earlier. You have to complete missions and by leveling up you will get weapon variants and also salvage and keys. Salvage can also be earned by opening crates. This system it's one of the best things that this game has to offer, because now you don't have to pay hundreds and hundreds of bucks just to get a couple weapons that should be free.Q. The movement system feels good?A. It feels different from Black ops 3. Yes, you have the thrusters and the wall running, but the movement its slower and you get less time in the air. It feels good, at least for me. Q. Does the rigs, payloads and traits offer something new to the game?A. The rigs are the equivalent of the Black ops 3's specialists. Every rig has it's own payloads and traits. Payloads are special weapons that you can earn by killing enemies, just like an extra killstreak. Traits are just normal perks, nothing much to say here, you just don't equip them in the create-a-class menu. >T H E N E U T R A L<Q. The maps are really all the same?A. Well..50-50. Because most of the maps take place in laboratories, but there are also maps that take place on earth, so you will find sunny, colourful and bright maps that you give you another feeling from the others.Q. Does the weapons feel good?A. A big part of the new weapons have really satisfying reloading mechanics, at least for me. And you will find weapons from other Call of Duty titles, like UMP-45, Spas-12, Intervention and others. There is also a variety of ballistic & energy weapons, but most of them just can't keep you alive. If you want to achieve your killstreaks you have to play close-range and/or weapons with fast firing rate, so let's hope they will buff & nerf guns to keep all of them usefull. (I have to say that in Black ops 3, i was easily killing with weapons from any classes, so we clearly have a problem).>T H E B A D< Q. It's the game's anti-cheat system broken?A. As most of the people say, it is broken. In my first 10 multiplayer matches 'on different regions' i encountered two hackers. I also have to say that, after a player gets killed multiple times by someone he starts raging and calls him a hacker, so not everyone that's playing better its a hacker, but you'll notice that in the kill cams. *The review was posted on 27.11.16* Let's hope this will be fixed in the future updates.Q. The most people are complaining about how you shoot first, and die first, is that a real problem?A. Yes, and it's the biggest problem in the game right now. I've never got that feeling from any other Call of Duty before. It feels like the weapon with the fastest fire rate wins 4/5 gun fights. All the weapons are giving you a good feeling but just a couple can make you stay in killstreak. Some say that the bullets are not registering from lag or it's just how the game works. Call of Duty was always about staying in killstreak..but if you can't anymore..well, it's not Call of Duty. It gives you the feeling of a chaotic deathmatch arena (kill 1/2 players>get killed>respawn).Q. Is the community smaller from the last year?A. Sadly, yes. In the late hours you have to wait like 10-15 minutes to find a game of deathmatch, do not imagine you can play other modes rather than deathmatch or terminal 24/7.>F I N A L<Q. Does the game worth the money?A. (I also have to say that i'm owning Battlefield 1 and many other titles from both Battlefield and Call of Duty, and i enjoyed both games). This game has something to offer, but not what i want. Black ops 3 gave me a way better feeling while playing. It was easier to keep your killstreak, bigger community, variety of maps and there wasn't any problem with the bullet registering at all (again, that's the biggest issue with the game at the moment). I recommend you to buy it on sales.I hope this review helped you in some way, thank you for reading.
Graphics are crap, worse than BO3.Cutscenes are choppy but the game works fine? WTF?MP is so full of hackers it's totally unplayable.
I was jebaited into buying Infinite Warfare because of MW nostalgia. Gave IW a try after Modern Warfare and the game crashed 6 times and failed to load into 3 multiplayer games. Getting a refund ASAP.
Developer are still using PSP server on this whole franchise. Are you guys for real?
Dear COD Players,If you are really wanting to return or buy this game here might be some reasons you should and shouldn't buy or return this game.BUT I strongly recomend getting this game on a site or wait for a sale.I paid full price for the legacy edition(79.99).Before we start here is my rig so you can have a ideaI3-61OOGTX 95O SSC 2GB8GB of HyperX Fury Ram1TB HDD SeagateMSI GAMING H1OOM MBO5OOW EVGA PSUFirst of all the game is divided from Windows players.If someone bought this game from the Windows store they can NOT play with steam users.This is anti consumer as you ONIY can play with Windows players which is probably around 2 thousand or so people.Second the graphics are terrible.You can have a Titan X and still only get  9O fps and have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ textures.I have all my settings on high or ultra and i get 89 to 91 fps BUT everything looks terrible.I've tried everything and the game looks terrible still.GeForce Expirence also has the same results and still looks like the Xbox 36O version of Black Ops 3.All my drivers are up to date and everything. Its not a issue with my CPU or my GPU its just the game.Ive talked to many people in game and have the same issues and some even have the same CPU and GPU.There is even a bug that the Volk AR is magicly invisable.Zombies and MP. Third the players.OMG THE PlAYERS.THE PlAYERS ARE WORSE THEN AW WHEN IT WAS THE MAIN COD.FUll OF TRYHARDS JUST FUll OF THEM.Anyways,also hackers.NICE VAC ACTIVISON!I have encountered at least 5 hackers so far all aim and wall hackers.Also the highest IW has had in player count is around 16 thousand.The game hasnt even been out for a month and its only 16K.Black Ops 3 had around 65,OOO people on launch day and IW with its low 16,OOO.WTF.JUST WTF.Finally lets talk about in game items.The weapons,shotguns are unbalanced asf,snipers are eh accept the AR SNIPER like who the hell thought of that one?The ARs are good accept the Volk because i would really love to aim down sights.SMGs are op IMO.The knife is broken and can give you armor or something because I can be shooting a guy and hes using a knife and i land like 4 shots in him but I die.Absalute BS.The classic weapons are...op to♥♥♥♥♥♥accept the TF-141 because 9O % of people cant kill someone with it as I've seen.But the OSA is over poweredddddddddd to♥♥♥♥♥♥2 bullets and someone is dead.Pistols are whatever as well.Dispite all this the game is decent.If you use the optimal video settings in game the game looks a little better but just disable the motion blur.Its fun at times and Zombies is alright i guess and Campign is amazing.MWR has its own problems but this is a IW review.I recomend getting the game only if its under 4O. 6/1O........♥♥♥♥ You Tryhards.
can't even find a team deathmatch game, change one setting and the game crashes.. Absoulte waste of money
I gave it my other award for "Good Try"It's not bad... but its not an improvement in the series either so... :/
This game has made me more angry then I expected.
as a Call of Duty fanboy i easily and sadly can say that i just wasted my money.its not about the games, both are fantastic but its about how they poorly treat the PC community.seriously where's the anti-cheat? not even a word from developers since the launch.very disappointing...
DEFINATELY  glad i only bought for the remastered cod 4 because infinate warfare aside from just not being an enjoyable game it was made poorly no matter what i do any human/robot in game vibrates or maby shutters is a better word i guess whether this was intentional or not its disgusting and may not be game breaking but it shows just how much effort went into the game durring development
I do not recommend.
is there anyway to get ur money back ?
this game is the worst i ever played whole life. Such a waste of time. i didnt even see before like this. Even Halo is better than this game what the ♥♥♥♥ i just bought . please do not buy and play i beg you
Dont Recommend, Low player count.
Solid game I could enjoy, but has huge technical issues (netcoding and lag comp). Therefore no recommendation at the moment.
muliplayer never find enough people to start one game, sucks
Meh just Meh
I have only played multiplayer and I wouldnt recommend the game for that:IW:- too few players, finding a game takes too long- that you can't see what game modes are played (or a waittime per gamemode or something) doesn't helpMWR:- laggy, the first 30 seconds on a map are always very laggy. And in general the game is more laggy than other games.- not all maps from mw are included+ you can see what game modes are played, so you can estimate how long it takes to find a game- unfortunately too few players play it, so only tdm, dom or hc tdm are playable
The single player concept has taken a new low in gaming history. I red some "reviews" from big websites how the plot and writing is really good. Youtube seemed to be on this side also... Ow and what do you know, it's John ♥♥♥♥ing Snow!SPOILER ALERT! Half way (or what is half way of seemingly eternity) I just wanted to switch sides really. The plot is absolutely mental. Not in a sense that "didn't see this coming", but in a way of "I saw this coming as the next thing you should not do". Every time. Everybody dies and the Captain of the only ship from earth is going around hopping on to dogfights with ace pilots and hand to hand combat...  Also the gravity system is very ♥♥♥♥ed. No-one told these monkeys making the game that Oxygen does not equal GRAVITY! As soon as an airlock goes "beeb" people just walk normally no matter where they are. And there's no "would you be kind and put on the fake-gravity plz?" dialogue to cover this up. It's just "beeb" you can breathe and walk now. ♥♥♥♥ that is stupid. Also, people on MARS, in a ♥♥♥♥ing void of space are treated for gunshot wounds and are ok with the environment with painters masks on. Don't worry, we got OXYGEN... That stops the vacuum of space from ripping the blood in our bodies through our skin in to space!The finale is just COD ♥♥♥♥♥s♥♥♥♥♥♥ as usual. At least there's some original animations for it this time, but still don't hold your breath for any actual acting. The Jihadi group of Navy soldiers from earth go and destroy a settlement on mars, that has a blood thirsty leader that wants earth dead FOR NO REASON. Sure it's John Snow... But ♥♥♥♥! You need to write him a reason to be so angst towards the earth people. The motives are all lost in this mess of a plot. It's just ♥♥♥♥ed.Also don't try the multi-player. Really... I've played multi-player shooters and can handle a mouse 4/5, but after getting over level 5 at this point of the life cycle of the game, you end up matching with prestige-up-the♥♥♥♥♥level-who-knows-how-many, and you will find yourself trying to find cover time after time when you re spawn... never really getting to it. And if you find a corner, just don't peek. You are done so just wait 2 seconds and someone will run behind you and let you out of your misery.Sure it's glossy and some sounds are not bad... But that's about it. Not even a "meh".
SO BAD NO GUN GAME PLAYERS
I have two 1080 GTX Strix Asus in SLI and since the last update, it's unplayable with around 30-40FPS.I was playing at 90-110 FPS+ at Ultra setting before the last update.  Thanks for fixing this!!!
Last COD im Buying.Graphic Bugs with no end, feels totally rushed especially in the end! Cutscenes stutter like♥♥♥♥♥♥and lag. Sound and Texture issues totally destroy any satisfactory gameplay!!!!
this is the worst call of duty game the curser still sticks when i try to get into the game.I have re downloaded the game several times no help looks like by now they would have a fix but none so far 59 dollars waisted if you wont to waist your money get it hope you have better luck than i have have a nice holiday season.Roger
This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ The sniping is awful on pc and you should only get it if you are buying MWR
♥♥♥♥♥ this game its piece of *****
Very dissapointed once more. IW had great potential of a nice game if it wasnt that futuristic Ghosts crap. On the other hand MWR is good but not like the og cod4. Overall the bundle or IW individually is not worth the amount of money(80Euros or more) you have to pay. Even as a cod vet and a fan my opinion is to wait till the MWR sold separately and  play some BF1 instead, cause honestly is better this year.
Multiplayer is absolutely bad TITANFALL 2 cod editionDo not waste your money!I repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your moneyI repeat - Do not waste your money
Great campaign. I loved Ethan and all the characters. Multiplayer has barely no one on it. The ony gamemode that works is Team Deathmatch and even there it takes forever to find a game. Overall, I think the campaign is great, multiplayer needs more players, and zombies has no one in it. A waste of $59.99
NoThis game is not optimized for pcIt's really just a new and even worse advanced warfare mixed up with Ghost-Thanks for nothing call of duty
TL:DRVery few players, Games Full of Bugs (both Remastered and Infinite Warfare), no Anti-Cheat (for when there are players), only 2-3 game modes work.The biggest waste of money I've ever had to encounter on Steam - for a flagship launch title this game is crap on PC. I purchased the Digital Deluxe Edition as I have with all of my Call of Duty games on my PS3 and PS4 figuring that it would be just as good on PC (as I'm a PC gamer, I don't really like consoles).The servers are underpopulated, like - bad... Only two or three game modes work, don't even try to get a round of Ground War going because you'll die of old age before that happens.As for Modern Warfare: Remastered, it suffers the same fate - lack of players and only two to three game modes work. On top of that, The Windows Store (for WIndows 10 people) is not cross compatible, meaning that Activision treats Windows Store and Steam as two separate consoles and the Windows Store version is much more unpopular.At the end of the day, I do not recommend this installment of the Call of Duty Franchise for my fellow PC gamers unless it is severely patched and fixed by Activision.
Worst COD so far I ever played ..... MP looks likes is in fast forward , everything looks like is in a rush on a unreal world ..... Thank's to Steam I got my money back ......
Single player - GoodMultiplayer - Absolute garbageZombies - Good, but long lobbies.Do not waste your money for single player only unless they fixed their♥♥♥♥♥♥
So, let`s start with the positive stuff : While the campaign doesn`t really feel like the typical CoD average singleplayer, it`s more like CoD slept with Wingcommander and autopilot, it is decent and enjoyable. Plus Ethan is a cool robodude.Zombies is fun too, and playing with friends you can really enjoy that mode. And the graphics, while not beeing top of the line, are more or less good enough.Modern Warfare on veteran is still a ****** ♥♥♥♥♥.Sadly the overall game suffers from several issues. The multiplayer part(s) is empty and even if you find a lobby it sucks. Movement feels clunky, and wallruning feels like a forced element compared to e.g. Titanfall 2.  The weapons have zero individuality and are not memorable. Then theres no anti-cheat software and the game suffers from a variety of partly game breaking bugs like freezing oder crahsing, even on high-end systems. In it`s current state I can not recommend this game. Way to expensive. And way to unfinished and unpolished. Better save your money here guys. If you really want the campaign I suggest you watch a Let`s play. And if you really, really want this game wait until it is at least 65% off or cheaper.
so bad..
This game is a definition of "♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;
crappy console ported game, plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥on pc because of this.
Was buying this for MW,wasn't hoping much,but its gameplay is actually fun (single player)But well, get stuck in a infinite loop of black screen after one side mission,Can't even go backGGGuess I think I'm an idiot...
Single player: MehMultiplayer: SucksZombies: GoodOverall: Waste your money on a one-armed-bandit for more fun!
Multilayer is just as bad as black ops 3 but zombies in space is fantastic. Just think it's a disgrace how there is no zombies split screen on the pc version!
Same old, jumping around Ninja style sort of CoD. I personally prefer the older CoD's without wall jumping.
i was impressed def an amzing game until you try to play split screen or local co op zombieland cant even play local co op/split screen as we expected this needs to be fixed as COD bo3 was way better value for money.its the only reason i bought it so i could play friends at home when they come over.i completed this bad boy in about 15-20 hours and wish i hadnt as i should have requested a refund and bought it at its discounted price its clearly not even worth thatand multiplayer is flooded with cheaters.
This is purely a console game. It's pc ports are the worst and it is sh*t-timised on PC.
No SLI support. Absolutely, completely and utterly gutted. I have thousands of pounds worth of advanced PC gear itching to party, and this game failed to turn up. It looks great, I just can't play it at 4K.
No SLI support. Absolutely, completely and utterly gutted. I have thousands of pounds worth of advanced PC gear itching to party, and this game failed to turn up. It looks great, I just can't play it at 4K.
meh.
The COD you install to uninstall immediately.
The whole weapon ranking system is total BS because its pay to win its a total long grind to get it ligit but i saw people going around on DAY FREAKING ONE with purple weapons unless your willing to spend tons of money go with BF1 Or TF2
just dont get it
Game is not that great there is mouse input delay. Only played a few games and already lost hope in this game, only bought for cod4 remastered and that iself isnt worth it, both games are all around bad
Good Game BUTNo Anti-Cheat.....means No Players........meansNo MatchesSilly pricing system, no discount on Season Pass for the Legacy Owners.Massive Discount after 3 weeks!!!!Talk about rubbing salt in the wounds of the first purchasers.
I'll admit, I have a processor and motherboard both from around 2010, but I have two 970s and this game wouldn't run at 60 frames even on teh optimal settings. Also, this game hasn't been out a month and in one of my very first games I ran into somebody who was CLEARLY aimwalking. I was so shocked I almost didn't report him out of sheer disbelief but watching his replay combined with the accusation levied at him by my teamates confirmed my suspicions. The sad thing is he didn't even try and hide it and I believe that's because he didn't feel the need to. This is VERY concerning if the hackers already don't feel the need to hide their cheats. This tpyically happens to CoDs a few months after the most recent one is released. Furthermore, matchmaking is atrocious. It took me nearly five minutes just to find a game of TDM (typically the MOST popular gamemode). When my game wasn't getting terrible framage and I actually was able to find a lobby that wasn't cheating, it was actually pretty fun.  'Pretty fun' didn't stop me though from refunding this game after only two hours of playtime. Smartest decision I've made and if you already have this game it's the smartest decision IMO that you can make.
EDIT: This game is AIDS... serious.Welp I tried to be impartial. I always get the new COD no matter who the developer is. I enjoy Black Ops III so I though I would enjoy this releas as well. The mechanics in this game are just awful. It is a very bad port to PC. I can not adjust the mouse sensitivity to get any acuracy in this game. Why leave X and Y vertices sensitity... I have tried the support guides to remove the mouse acceleration, adjusted the DPI and sensitivity in game and on the computer. Nothing has worked; I am either flying all over the place or can't move an inch. I understand wanting to adjust the settings to hit that sweet spot but I should not have to modify multiple in game and out of game settings to do so. Beacuse of this I typically never stay in this game longer than a single match.Single player is great although spoiler alert it you came hoping Kit Harington (Jon Snow) or Conor McGregor were going to have more of a feature your going to be disappointed. There is no charater building for the anatagonist, so when it came time to defeate the enemy it just felt like a nother step in the game. The only reason I am recommending this game is for MWR and until they offer it as a stand alone your stuck buying this non usable DLC for the actual release, MWR.
paid 100$ for this gamemaybe the biggest mistake i have ever madeat least i can play mwr (♥♥♥♥♥♥ spawns and 800 players online only)guys really..if you like cod franchise dont buy it..dont give any kind of statistfaction to delevopers by purchsing this gameHELP THIS GAME TO GET BETTER!!!
How can this game get such good review when I can't even get into the game.  Game crashes before the shaders are done pre loading and when you cancel the pre load then just launch the game it takes so long to load after the cut scene that it crashes anyway.
Campaign: 5/10Just a casual COD campaign, nothing special that makes it stand out from the others.Multiplayer: 6/10The multiplayer is well.. okay, but, ít's definitely a downgrade from Black Ops 3The maps are boring and depressing with the futuristic dark colors.Zombies: Haven't playedOverall rating: 6/10If you consider buying this game, I'd only recommend it if you can live without the money and just need at game to play for while. It's atleast 10-15hrs of playing.
.___ ____/""""""\___________/||====((((((((_/#####(((((((((((((((((|=====|___/ />/;"""|<|
The first day was : Wtf is this?Today is:Wtf is this?
Buys Legacy edition for Modern Warfare Remastered.Impatiently waits for the download to finish.Tries to join a Kill Confirmed match, waits for a good 10 minutes to join a lobby, but remembers people only play TDM.Tries to join TDM, placed in server with 2 matched players after minutes.Waits another good 5 minutes and joins a game.Gets spawn trapped on shipment, but accepts the loss.Everyone leaves as I am changing my settings, and another good 5 minutes pass before I notice that I'm clearly not going to get into a game soon.Joins a match, runs around for just a few seconds, and gets killed by an m16.Watches killcam, and instantly realizes the player traced me through the wall and had aimbot.Uninstalls the game, requests refund.
stupid♥♥♥♥♥game no one in zombies multiplayer sucks and cant even play zombies in affline mode ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous horrible  game never supporting call of duty again battlefield franchise is where im sticking to at least people play that dont waste your money and buy this game
jyt
the most boring CoD ever
Cod ghost was a better game than this
This game sucks, should of made ghosts 2 and fix all the other issues with its predecessor but they have to make this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ They spent more time on the supply drop content than the actual game. Its like a watered down black ops 3. Sorry.... it IS a watered down black ops 3 and I can't stress it enough.
piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, 91 fps cap, built in mouse accel you can't ♥♥♥♥ing turn off(all applies to modern shitfare remastered horse♥♥♥♥♥♥. No players, didn't even have search and destroy and half the other gamemodes my friend said the game had on console. Waste of my god damn money
The game mechanics are ... ok. It is just CoD, with an emphasis on mico transactions. Some of the guns were 'fun' to try out, but the whole randomness of the weapon drops I did not like. But what made me give it a thumbs down is: The cheaters. Plain and simple, on day 1 you should NOT have someone cheating in 50% of the matches you were in. It was so blatent and disgusting I got a refund. I was not impressed.
good  on console, horrible on pc because of optimization and servers, and also mouse movement is not modern, cod4 remastered on the other hand suffers the same issue, both are fun to play if you can get past those 2 though!
♥♥♥♥
Sucks so much
This game is a clear example of a company pounding a franchise into the ground for no other reason than greed.The multiplayer, which is why myself and 20 some odd friends all buy it, is poor at best.The future setting is boring, the weapons all pew pew pew and the wall running and boost jumping stupid at this point.Avoid this game and make Activision actually work for their money next year.oh, and as a PC player Activision.... dedicated servers means the kind we had during Call of Duty 4 and 5.  Use your heads!
I got this game because of the zombies and COD 4 Remastered and I can honestly say money well spent. Multiplayer however is a big turn off for me. It's like advanced warfare but with better graphics and less bunny hopping. Don't get it unless you're in it purely for the zombies.
The multiplayer aspect of this game would be pretty good if only Activision would do something about the hackers and other cheaters destroying the game and making it not fun to play.  Other than that the single player and zombies are great fun and I've experienced nothing as far as any glitches.Update 12/21:  The amount of cheats has gotten worse and still Infinity Ward and Activision have yet to do anything about this situation.  I wish I could get my money back.
What a let down, first the campaign is so short. The Zombie part is really horrible.Besides the amount of tweaking with the graphics which I finally got working. I will have to try the multi-payer but unless 50% off or heavy into the multi-player dont waste your time and money.
yh its ok
Whose idea was it to include the mouse acceleration??? You just end up getting all turned around and twisted whenever you make a sudden movement. Pretty damning for a game that requires, you know, sudden movements. There's something to be said about having to wait 15mins for it to preload shaders on a high-end system, having already waited for the massive game download as well. You might complete it because the story somewhat hooked you in and it looks pretty. Can't say I'll be revisiting it though.
A waste of money.
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game so many hackers
What a waste of hard drive space.Zombies is ok i guess.Im not enjoying the multi player at all.After 8 hours of playing i have uninstalled it.
360 badscope, not worth your money
To be honest this game doesnt feel like call of duty at all.
Kann mir jemdand bitte helfen.Wenn ich Call Of Duty Infinite Warfare starte denn ladet es kurz und denn hängt es bitte hilft mir ;(
- This was not worth 100 dollars.+This game is defintly the next flying simulator.+Easy to use your mums credit card on. 10/10 would get grounded again...
i like the trickshotting in this game
i have liked and played every call of duty ever but when i open infinite warfare after about 30 seconds it crashes and says i have to close the program do you know how to stop this
Don't get me wrong it's a fun game but i can only play it for so long without getting board and trying to find a lobby is so hard to do with the SA servers.
Just crap, so bad infact I would have rather put my money up a dead donkey's bum than spent it on this game.If only i'd known.
The campaign is good, but was there a recent update that has dumb down the graphics? I haven't checked the updates. On here yet, but I noticed that there seems to be horrible texture now. As far as multilpayer goes, it's hacked like crap. Same with modern warfare remastered. There are people on it getting one shot kills a cross the maps with assult rifles. Plus the lag is real with both Infinite Warfare and MW remastered. MD remastered seems to be worse. Before anyone says its my connection. I have 100mbps and I am using a wired connection. I have QoS setup so that I get most the band width and it still is poop.
Multiplayer doesn't feel like COD anymore, just feels like its trying to emulate the gunplay of Titanfall, but doesn't seem to even do that right. Overall the multiplayer is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ and Zombies is fun, in fact, I really like it, however even still, the Zombies alone isn't worth $60, let alone the $80 I had to spend just to get Modern Warfare Remastered, which runs at a tickrate of 15, which is slower than even MINECRAFT. ♥♥♥♥ing Minecraft. It's really dissapointing and down right ♥♥♥♥ed up that a AAA game developer would decide to put so little effort into making a game that just focuses all their attention on DLC and micro-transations. In my opinion, the developers tend to treat this game like a free to play game, and even if it was, it still isn't a fun one. I can't reccomend that you spend ANY money on this game if you even liked any of the previous COD games, and if you want to buy this just for Modern Warfare Remastered, don't. The game stutters even on a great system, and the lag is horrible and the sound is off. Oh, and I forgot to mention that there are NO LEADERBOARDS on Infinite Warfare. A basic feature in COD games, and even after a few months still isn't in the game (probably because it would show the player counts). In both Modern Warfare Remastered and Infinite Warfare, there is NO PING INDICATOR, which shows that even the dedicated servers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ out now.Pros:* Zombies is sort of fun* Going to play an instrumental role in killing off the series(finally) unless future games recieve better support and feedbackCons:* The entirety of the game* Devs don't listen to community* Modern Warfare Remastered can't be bought separateEDIT: Forgot to mention that in Modern Warfare Remastered that you should use a controller even if you don't like them because the aim assist is insane.EDIT 2: Forgot to mention again that there is not even an Anti-Cheat in Modern Wafare Remastered, so that's going to be fun.
Call of Duty:No Games Found Warfare
Just get cod mwr when IW is on sale
I'd love to give this game a recommedation, however, there are too many glaring issues. The greatest of which (and the root cause of all the others) is the re-occuring lack of dedicated servers, and therefore... players, and this is what kills this game the most.
In my opinion this is the worst COD version they made. The biggest thing for me is the control of the character, doesn’t feel fluid in the least.
NO from me because i only bought this game for Remastered call of duty 4, It runs really bad on high rig, worse optimisation ever, runs really badI7 4770k 16GB ramSSDGTX 1080
wow what can be said to describe this game.. you can possible find a few fun multiplayer matches, but don't expect more than 4 in a row... before Dbag McDownloaded hacks joins in and goes 90 - 2,  You can normally tell who the hackers are, they all have the same emblem, the cat with the green background.. If he joins your game,  best to leave as they all have hacks and aimbot..With that said, the actual game is like Black Ops 3, just magnified quite a bit, if you enjoyed BO 3, you'll enjoy IW... ok well actually you won't enjoy it, as the hackers are in about every 1 out of 5 games..  Normally they only grace you with one match, once you threaten to report them, they typically leave immediately... as if most of us are too stupid to know how to go to the friends/Recent player area and report them.If IW ever decides to clean out, or perminant account ban hackers from every COD game from this point onward, you can continue to find them game after game, match after match.. Then Activision will wonder why their games are selling less and less copies.. Gamers are fed up with nothing being done to stop cheaters..
Mediocre campaign gameplay with an abysmal SciFi Original Movie-level plot.Some fun moments, but otherwise forgettable.Whole thing feels like a limp version of Killzone, except the SDA are about as bland as bland can be and are certainly no Helghast.Recommend buying for $20 when it falls to that level in 6-8mo; otherwise, stay away.
Campaign was incredible, multiplayer is just plain horrible. Que time takes forever, and it seems CTF is the only game type people play. Just something about running in circles...
Why did I buy this...?
this game is awesome! my favorite part is where the game crashes every other match on multiplayer, but i do have to say when zombies isn't freezing upon start up I JUST FREAKING LOVE WHEN THE GAME CRASHES AT ROUND 25 AND HIGHER! WITH EVERY UPDATE THESE ISSUES ALSO GET WORSE.
I can't describe this game really other then it's bad compared to other CoD'sCampaign is not my thing for the newer cods, loved the old onesMultiplayer is not well made...and i mean those supply drops make the game unfair and pay to win and then we got hackers on the PC and we also have HUGE frame drops!Zombies in this game is bullsh*t compared to WaW,BO,BO2,BO3 and even f*cking AW's Exo Zombies,heck i'd rather even play Exctinsion on Ghosts all day then play zombies in IWI mainly bought it for Cod 4 remastered on Black Friday Sale and i'm having a blast with MWR,im having more fun with a game from 2007 then a brand new installment to the series.But MWR is not perfect either,when i say that i don't mean technical issues i mean like in-game issues, i don't like the flinching that they added,the new sniper scopes bother me a bit and of course supply-♥♥♥♥ing-drops! the only technical issue i have with MWR is frame drops that don't really happen as often but they are pretty common (has nothing to do with my hardware) but do i recmmend Infinite Warfare? Yes and No, Infinite Warfare is simply not my game and i'm sure some people like it and that's fine with me it's not like it's the worst game ever created it's just how they treat the game and the community and if you want MWR i would 100% get it!EDIT: Modern Warfare Remastered has been ruined. didn't come to a surprise to be honest
Not a BO? OK we gonna do the same with no fun and dedicated servers. just pay.F@CK, I'VE PAID I REGRET.
Hackers !!!!   it seems that this guys sell their own hacks, becouse the anticheat system (if exists one) doesn´t detect the hacks that u pay fot them. I´ve seen some website that offers hacks. So this game still being a♥♥♥♥♥♥too.
Played about 4-5 hours in the campaign now and I wish I'd never wasted my money. Constant graphical problems where things don't load properly, some as extreme as you go through a door and the map just dissapears and you're left with the sky box and the characters but no other scenery.I get constant random loading screams mid play. Just seems like an unfinished, unpolished buggy, glitchy mess.
Bad
Evil villan needs a hug. single player meh mutilplayer meh zombies meh.. they got me with repacking of old cod
No Anti Cheat in this game, cheaters with aimbots in every other match. Not worth it until it is updated.
Damn....I'm not even surprised.....Infinite Warfare itself got a fantastic campaign, based on a great story, great characters. They hit the feels this time.Still futureristic, but at the same time its "realistic".Multiplayer is a lot of fun with friends. But it's not the best. Infected is broken, tdm is broken, domination is broken.Frontline is the only gamemode I can recommend....Conclusion -great game if you're playing with one friend or more.Now...Modern Warfare remastered....The campaign is the same. (or almost) They added extra 2 minutes with a Grenade Training Program in the first "mission".Good campaign with 9/10 graphics. Mountains and the back of the map is goddamn ugly.Multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ing awful.At least 2 out of 3 matches got a cheater. Whatever if it's aimbot or wallhack. The anti cheat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥. My first match in Infinite Warfare presented me with a cheater too.....Conclusion -Campaign is sick -multiplayer sucks♥♥♥♥♥..Biggest conclusion. Please save your money. Buy if you can get it under 30€.... And for gods sake just crack Modern Warfare Remastered. Buy a pizza instead and some pot. Much better than cheaters and broken monitors....
So, before the game was released I thought this game was going to be awful, I mean it's in based in space. I really do miss the old classic Call Of Duty's where these jetpacks and abilities to wall run were non existent. However, shortly after buying the game, I went straight into some multiplayer and I have to say it's really not a bad game at all, the game is very fast paced which I enjoy. However, there seems to be a lot of lag on the servers, bullets don't register at all, the lack of players and no anti cheat really lets down multiplayer itself. Usually every few matches I'll spot a cheater and most of the time I can't even find a game because of the lack of players. Hopefully while this game is on sale more players will come in and hopefully and eventually we'll get an anti cheat system. So should you buy this game? It's a good game, I think it has a potential. But there are many flaws still which I hope to be fixed. So I recommend not buying the game at it's full price, but buy it while it's on sale because It's definitely not worth the full price.In conclusion, I'm going to give this game a thumbs down for now. However, if the game improves by getting an anti cheat system, better servers and more players then I'll give it a positive review.Thanks for reading my review on Infinite Warfare, I hope it helps those that are wondering about buying the game or not.
NO OFFLINE MULTIPLAYERsolid game so far, kinda liking it, but NO F***ING OFFLINE MULTIPLAYER?!! WHAT THE ****oh, and this extends to the F***ING ZOMBIES
♥♥♥♥♥i game dont buy it i sold my cs knife to buy this sh*t game it lagging sh*t soo dunt buy
The campaign is fine Multi-player absolutely sucks. I spent a nice chunk on this game, campaign i enjoyed until it glitched and i couldn't complete it. Multi-player is the worst of any current FPS I've played. Don't waste your money or hard drive space. The hackers in Multi player are already overwhelming, and nothing seems to be happening to correct it.
meh
the campaign is the good the zombies story is so stupid that every time i play it my brain cell die and the multiplayer is as boring as ♥♥♥♥ over all i rate it 4/10
Langweilig
texture bugs!!!!! fix it faster!! can't play with this ugly graphics ( everything set on high, but graphics looks very bad and low), zombie mode no one plays it online, waited for hour in public, no one have showed, also game freezes( not always) on zombie mode after intro video, so fix the game!!!!! so many money spend and can't play it.... p.s my video card "geforce gtx 750 ti" soo it not my set up fault.
Despite its lousy storytelling, Single Player was fun. Multiplayer as a recession of Black Ops 3 was repetitively boring.
If like me, you don't care for Zombies nor MP, this game is *NOT* worth its asking price. And it neve will be, given how much MW2 costs after many years. The Campaign however I found entertaining, even pleasant at times, if not a bit too short. A lot of good stuff in there, could've used some more depth but no real bad things. This game got way too much bad publicity for nothing.
Don't buy that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥... if you are currently scroling through the reviews considerring to buy this game or run for your mom to convince her it would be a great game to train and test your reactions dont lie to yourself and just stop it !!! stop supporting that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ franchise and they might step back and go for their old but gold games again !!!
The bad: - Multiplayer is prettymuch a copy of black ops 3.- The COD4 Remaster is terribly optimised even on a gtx1080, lags at the start of & throughout multiplayer games especially.- No cheat protection, lots of people using walls (which have been readily available since release)- Futuristic again. Next cod will just be 'black screen simulator' because theyve gone so far into the future that the universe has collapsedThe good:- Cod 4 remaster when it works- Single player story is pretty good, eventful and theres some cool new elements to the game & space combat- New take on zombies, actually pretty decent- Cod 4 remasterCan't recommend until the game is better optimised, especially the remaster.
Campaign is kZombies is kmultiplayer is a mess of akimbo wielding edgelord robots5/10 could be better
hardly works
Since the last update this game runs ever worse than before!980ti in 2 way slii7 6700k32gb ramAnd i cant get a stable 60 fps on 2560x1440? seriously?
Don't waste your money on this game.
игра 12/10, ну что тут скажешь!!!!!
I've owned this game for 27 minutes... that entire time has been spent searching for a MP game without success. That should tell you all you need to know about this game :(
How the hell do you have lagg issues in the cutscenes its legit supposedly a video file already installed on the PC.............
Game won't bloody run, MWR runs perfect, is that's good
This game is starting to grow on me, like a brain eating amoeba.
*writing a review just to finish this part of Steam Awards*
lol i want a refund
so many problems and not alot of peaple playing either
TL;DR Be it people being over the franchise, being burned too many times or just the bad release of the game - I wouldn't reccomend you buy it.Multiplayer: Dead, cheat ridden mess with a fps cap. You're going to be playing the same people and cheaters in TDM because nobody plays anything else.Singleplayer: Worth playing if you like a Battlestar-esque theme, some minor pacing issues in the levels themselves but overall a good experience.Zombies: There's a lot of depth with the map but the grind to unlock guns is real and the card system is terrible.
Bought the game to play zombies with my friends in splitscreen, there is no splitscreen. How hard is it to leave the splitscreen feature in? If it's doable on consoles, why the ♥♥♥♥ isn't it doable on PC? It's safe to say I'm getting a refund.
The story line is absurd. How can a full armed man be stunned by a guy bare-handed and thus screw up the Earth. The writers cannot come up with a better plot???? Reyes seems a total idiot to me. In addition, can't you make something new other than some fancy Russian names and brainwashing quotes each time I die to tell me that SDF are all bad guys??? There are several occasions that I seriously doubt whether I'm the good guy or actually the bad guy destroying Mars... Multiple player looks good and with a COD style as always. The classes are interesting but I'm hoping we can some maps slightly bigger so snipers can have an advantage in those cases. Nowadays, people just like grab a shotgun and sprint to your face.All in all, TitanFall 2 did a much better job this year.
It's'♥♥♥♥♥♥ Generic Call of Duty bla bla bal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Not very fun. Only got it because I sold all my CSGO skins and had big bank in my steam account. Waste of money.
the story is great looks nice, but the mp and zombies was a let down.
Poor optimization, Game breaking bugs in campaign, not a great game!!!
Could be a great game if They add anti cheat nd did not limit the player base other then that great game
This game is not even worth the money i spent for it. This call of duty game has the most ammount of hackers and the report feture is broken because i go to report and nothing happens. There is no Anti Cheat no what so ever, And The lag comp is just rediculius mostly only European Lobbys. The only good thing about this game is the campaign, I played the campaign and i do admit it is a very challenging storyline for Infinite Warfare.
I feel bad for the person who bought this for me
Dnt even have it installed and its "lol ez af"....lemme turn my monitor on.
Cod isded
Basically farming simulator got more people than this game.
There's nothing related novelty. If i were you i would buy an ox instead of this game.
♥♥♥♥
Just like nearly everyone else, I bought this to play the Modern Warfare remaster.All jokes, memes, and everything else aside, I genuinely don't enjoy playing either game but I can't refund it anymore so I have to try to make the most of it.
NOT ON PC!It's clearly just made for concole and that's just weak!Also the sounddesign is just weak, it's not the space weapons that i hate, everything just sounds soweak!And the maps are not that good.Their are alot and then i mean ALOT of problems in this game butif you want to get this game, get it on concole. wich sounds â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed up but you know...
Whats up with all this jumping up and down and flying around like space cadets. Modern warfare has changed since i last played on call of duty modern warfare 2, Come on guys remember your roots and start again!P.S Only bought this for call of duty 4 remastered.
Decent game overall. The multiplayer for IW is okay, but will not be enjoyed by everyone. Zombies is different and MWR runs like crap overall. Buy it if you really enjoy the franchise and want more futuristic fast paced mp.
you know when big sucsesful franchises get old  (say american pie for instance) and they start selling thier name to b and even c rated movie producers, well thats what this feels like, biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥from a cod name ive ever played, although zombies is actually pretty good, cool map. in my opinion this game is worth about 99 pence.
Needs Tweaking in a big way. Not great but I can't stop playing!
While the game is good the playerbase is low and all that is availabale to play is TDM and DOM which get boring after a few rounds.
1080gtx -> 80fps
So many bugs/glitches
As a Call Of Duty, it is pretty standard fare and what to expect from the same old formula. Speaking for the multiplayer only, remember the days when a team actually played....ya know...as a team. Ah the good old days.Also, how about we send a hat around all the players. We all chip in and buy some dedicated servers, not server browser, dedicated.This notion of been able to have an enjoyable and more importantly FAIR multiplayer experience goes out the damn window when you are connected to a possible shed in the middle of Greenland, still using a free-internet trial cd which expired in the mid 90s.Guns go boom, lasers go pew pew.Also, a minor gripe, and I could be wrong about this. You can't shoot down an aerial scorestreak while inside a damn space station. Boo. I'll give it a C for coopting the chief components of console CoD of this century.
i have a gtx 970 and it tells me i need to up date  my drivers or have a better graphics card im â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing done i can run fallout 4 on ultra  and get better â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing fps this game sucks.
This game is the dummestâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ever â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ Infinity WardEdit: The game has fixed itself and there are weekly challenges that award you keys so I would recomend it on a sale.
Good campaign, good zombies, bad multiplayer.
Year disappointment, I think the game has become more and more damaged they could just as well call it Black Ops 4 and Dominion achievement (Win 5 online matches in Multiplayer) can not be unlocked
2/10
Servers are trash. Constant connection issues. Campaign was okay at best. Multiplayer is a camp/tubefest.
sad
No online players even if  48xx players online. Something is of with this series. The same issue with Advanced Warfare. The fair price for this game should be 10$~15$ max.
The game has never opened. It completely locks up and says the game wasn't shut down properly last time when it has never been able to be opened.  Complete waste of maney and time
Finally finished the campaign.  Have no ideal what I just played.  This is it for me when it comes to the COD games.  So far removed from it roots.
Where do I even start with Infinite Disappointment. Terrible game, lame campaign. I played mw2 a few weeks ago and it felt like a better gaming experience than this. I mean, I could not bear the campaign. The true only reason I bought this was for modern warfare remastered, but lets be honest they kinda ♥♥♥♥ed that up too. One of my favorite parts of that game was being able to load into games, getting outside of the map and exploring, and having friends to play it with. All of my friends refused to buy this game, and I wish I didnt either. I would refund it, but because I give games more than 90 minutes of play time before I decide if it's good or not because you have to be actually decent and know the maps to play it properly, I cannot. Not only that but here come supply drops aswell. Someone give me back my 80$.
I used to think that i would not enjoy this game as it is simply CODBoy was I wrong... that is until recently this game has slowly gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥on PCHackersLagNot as optimized as other COD games or as much as console its sad to see this though really, I used to love getting called Cheater even when im not playing to my fullest but i can honetly assure you that you will have a funner time buying a XIM4 and playing this on console Is this when cod declines on PC?
low community levels and bad loading
Cant seem to play it since my mouse has alot of delay everytime in this game, it realy makes it unplayable, i've tried 3rd party programs like msi afterburner to limit the fps and still doesnt work, played alot with the settings but also wont work, i have a gtx 960 4gb 8gb ram and a i7 2600 but this game wont play properly even with settings on lowSo not recommended
not worth the buy. has been out more than month and already hakers. if you report them nothing happens. seen the same hackers this whole week. the game is not fun. already has small commity and only getting lowwer with the hackers. no one wants to play with a hacker. also they took the pc commity and broke them up under steam and windows store. so if you buy it on steam yourr not playing with any one who bought it from the windows store and visversa. canbt believe i spent 60 bucks for this game.
what is there to like.a s**ty port to pc once again.textures are p** look flat and blurry even on max settings.no anti-cheat hackers everywhere.maps are not made for jumppack.takes about 5 - 10 minutes to find a TDM match.NO ONE IS PLAYING.games dropped in popularity QUICK.dead end game no prospects.same old copy and paste but this time they really messed up.Dear Devs,bringing out the new MWR is just shambles just shows to the community what sort of development team CoD are. The devs cant make a decent game anymore so will just sell a 9 years old game instead with 10 maps and charge a F***in bomb for it. It may be because you dont care for your player base and only revenue who knows but one things for shore who ever made this game and/or directed it should be FIRED this is not the thrilling fast paced shooter what it use to be now its just a spawn party get your act together devs theres plenty of competion out there so dont think that your loyal player base will stick round when your pushing out games as bad this why dont you do something for the people and give everyone refunds.1/10  giving a 1 just cause they spent a HELL of alot of money on a game thats died ALREADY DONT BUY IT !!!!#stopbuyingCod♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥
So the campaign is not bad but this game is still trash.I spend 80 bucks for the legacy Edition and not only MW1 remastered performance is unplayable (15-20FPS for titan X pascal and 6700k, like are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?) Also, the multiplayer for both games are just lost frames like crazy, 12 GB of VRAM got taken instantly by the trash optimization and even though the frame in game appear to be 90 FPS but it stutters so much that playing this game is like a torture.So Activision, if you don't care about your PC gamer base than just stop releasing this series on PC, nobody wants your trash anyways.(I used to be a COD fan, but not anymore)
Unless you really like playing boring campaigns, skip this buy. The multiplayer has been completely dead since launch. It takes several minutes of the game figuring out what lobby to join before you get to sit and wait with just a few other people for a game that never happens. I wish I could enjoy this game, but I don't really have fun sitting and staring at a menu screen. I wish they'd approve a refund on this waste of money.
WTF is this? I played all COD games before but none was as crap as this one. FFA maps are super tiny. WTF with those robots? Refunded.....
I just can't believe that this game is Call of Duty.... It's not that i don't like it like every third person says "because of future setting" I don't like it because they passed every possible way of reality in CoDI played every call of duty since 2004 and it really makes me sad to see once a good franchise to die like this...Black ops III is a god compared to this game,let me tell you my opinionsGUD STUFF:Loading screens are almost instantWeapon variants are back(i'm a big fan of these)Game is very challenging,a lot of camo challenges,calling card and so makes the game funNUKE IS BACK!!!!!Decent graphics(nothing compared to battlefield 1 though)BAD STUFF:As of now 23rd November 2016 this game has no VAC protection and that makes this game a hackers paradiesVERY VERY LOW player base,almost unplayable my predictions are that game will die in early march 2017Frame rate locked at 90The FOV has not been managed correctlyThis my personal opinion but I don't like the fact that firearm weapons in this game are almost extinct and being replaced by energy weaponsGame gone to far,I mean freaking black hole lethals,anti gravity granades IN CALL OF DUTY!?! To many dual wield weapons,seriously make the community stupider and there's no skill to itMy final advice-don't buy call of duty on PC except if the developer is TREYARCH
Fellow gamers there nothing much to write about the review, all i can say is they ♥♥♥♥in  ruined the COD franchise. And the horrible peer to peer matchmaking in MWR..Dont buy this game save your money.....
cant find any online matchesgame looks like crapmissing textures or low res texturescant find any fix to the low res textures. even though my PC specs are above the reccomended.AVG antivirus dossent like the game and forces me to disable avg to run the game.this is why i stick with battlfield but every now and then i lie to my self and think " oh this cod looks way better im gonna get it' well NO! its garbage and i want my money back
I cannot play this game. it freezes in the option menus and it freezes when loading single player, multi player, and Zombies.
Don't buy this game even if your PC is way above the minimum requirements: it simply doesn't work, 2 minutes in the menu and it freezes for no reason. No config tweaking can fix this, the game simply doesn't work and I couldn't refund it because it loads shaders on the start of the game for a few hours, but steam refunds games only below 2 hours of "play". It's a scam, basically.
Multiplayer.... where to begin?  1) The amount of times you will be aiming down sights at someone coming around a corner and fire 8+ rounds yet they kill you first?2) Having to restart the game if you leave a lobby after a match to change your loadout since every attempt to join a game after doing so results in a "Failed to connect to peer" error after loading the map?3) Peer-to-peer hosting in 2016?When the campaign is the strong point of a Call of Duty game, you know something is wrong.
well i would refund this game but i had over two ♥♥♥♥ing hours really steam dont be a ♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer is dead zombies is just trolls or afks and campaign is just good nothing more dont buy it please do waste money on this like i did 60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars and it was my birthday money mane ♥♥♥♥ing hell i should have just brought l4d2
This game is, at best, disappointing. Infinity Ward and Activision continue their trend of ignoring the wishes of their fan base as long as the money comes in.   The campaign is boring and uninspired and the multiplayer is the same old nonsense from Black Ops III and Advanced Warfare.At the very least this game is not selling as well as previous Call of Duty games.  Perhaps that will get the attention of the suits in the tower and the next CoD can be a much better effort and, hopefully, loses the advanced movement garbage.
God damnit I wanted to give this game a chance but... you shouldn't
Call of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! I've purchased the game for CoD 4 Remastered! What an epic fail! I didn't know, that it is possible to destroy such a superb game...but Raven shows how to do. :(+ I have dont have any technical problems with the game. It runs nice.- Just 6 vs 6 Players --> Maps are empty. You are Playing DayZ, not a CoD (Its a walking simulator).- Because of missing player quanitity, campers are ruling the game.- Dedicated Servers?? Hello? That was a long promise!! But...why I should I care for my lie from yesterday?- Stupid matchmaking  - you cant choose the server  - you cant choose the map you wanna play  - you cant play mods  - you cant...  - you cant...- Controls are awefull- A lot of maps are missingThx for this expensive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t @Activision, @Raven Software
This game is not bad as everyone made it out to be, but I can not recommend it for a few reasons which I will go over in the Cons section:Pros:-Fluid Movement-Fantastic Graphics-Great Maps-Great gunsOverall feels like a Modernwarfare Blackops 3, would be great if...Cons:-No Search & Destroy as well as some other game modes(Online. You can play S&D offline...)-Random update made me go from Average 45-50 fps down to ~15fps and no graphics changes are fixing it-No Anti-Cheat (Took me roughly ~30 hours to prestige, and by lvl 50 there was an aimbot iin 4/10 games I joined)Overall, it's obvious that Infinity Ward doesn't care about the PC community, as always, and I would not recommend you spend time and money on this game. However, if you have a PS4 or Xbox one, I would recommend the game based on my pros
Do yourself a favor. Shut down Steam, log into your Origin account and go buy Titanfall 2 with the money you are thinking about spending here.This game is pure garbage on PC.
gay
game is dead and broken do not buy this game
Garbage.Not only is multiplayer the only REALLY bad thing about this game, but the textures look like its a downgrade from next gen to WII-U. I am playing this game at the highest settings possible, and the textures look muddy and pixelated. Never buying another Call-Of-Duty on release date again. Screw this game, and the bugs that came with it.
bugs....bugs everywhere
Really bad game, this futuristic♥♥♥♥♥♥has gone to far from the orginal cod game only kids like this futuristic games, old codplayers i know want more from the old school cod games. and the remastred mw is laggy♥♥♥♥♥hell. its only camping snipers everywhere, and soon as you pull out from a corner boom dead, 10snipers VS 10 with ak and other weapon GG Old mv i still better than the new remastred   (Rate 1/10)
the campin was to short for a cod game if you dont count the loding screen and deaths and picking the wepones and spray paint for you ship but count the campin and side story then its a 1h game unlike the 4 games the compny made before thay had 1-3h storys
-10
i want to know how to play the remastered call of duty
trash!!! infiny word completly left the pc community poor optimization low fps wtf they have been doing for three years this game is unfinished i was fooled to buy another trash cod  but hey at list they will put cod points back that is more important then optimizing the game do not buy if ur smart  i mean last year i did not reccomended bo3 but now its great they patche it and i love this game but iw is jus dissapointing
Whenever i try to launch the game it just instantly crashes :(
The campaign is good, within standards well written characters and voice acting. Never tried multiplayer cuz not interested.Wait until price drops or if you can't wait to play MW remastered then I'm not stopping you. by the way i played the game @ a local gaming centre
No one is playing this game. I've tried for hours, and multiple times over the weeks to get a match with Zombies and I've only ever gotten 1 match in that entire time. Cod is dead. At least on pc. Unfortunately I was silly enough to give this game a chance and wait for the lobby's to popluate, which never happened. So now I'll be inelligible for a refund probably. This is just pathetic.Update: Steam has refused my game refund request saying that I played it for too long. But it took hours of waiting to actually get into a game, I have played it under 2hrs but apparently steam includes sitting in a lobby waiting as gameplay. What a load.On top of this their refusal to refund a faulty product is in violation of Australian citizens consumer protection law. Something in which the Australian government has just won a court case against steam for. Yet steam is still proceeding with violating Australian law. Real classy steam!
I bought the game hoping to not hop on the hate bandwagon, but the MP community is nearly dead, and I wouldn't say the campaign is worth eighty dollars, but that's my opinion. Don't make the same mistake i did.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of BO3, so many cheats already.
worst call of duty ever do not buy did get a refund after 2 hours of play ..... this is game is carbage
Horrible, complete trash, save your money
this is not COD! stop trying to copy titanfall, battlefield and all the rest of those games. get back to the roots and stop this futuristic crap. do you understand you are losing customers. This has to be by far the worst COD game activision has ever brought out. And please fix all the game bugs before you release the games. I have friends that cant even run the game. What a mess!!!! . Igive this game a 2 out of 10
This may be my second review I have ever written. Luckily for you, I enjoy taking time out of my day to help people. If you have nothing else to spend your money on, buy the game. You will enjoy the campaign. You may enjoy zombies. You will not enjoy multiplayer if you prefer boots on ground combat. I disliked the game IW overall. The campaign was extremely short, I played through on Veteran difficulty (one of the hardest), every mission, in less than 6 hours. The jackal missions are too easy and don't vary much as far as content goes (You are in space, in an autonomous craft, killing the same ships and returning to base, averaging 5-8 minutes per mission.) It's a nice way to progress though, as completing a mission nets you with permanent rewards that carry over to a new difficulty if you want to play through again on Specialist or the next level of difficulty. Zombies was OK. The major plus with this one is the combat is boots on ground. No acid zombies, no EMP zomâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t. Straight up classic run and gun with new weapons, perks and mechanics. Leveling system and being able to modify your spawn load out will keep you playing for quite some time. I have maybe 30ish hours in the game, 8 of that is on campaign, the rest is zombies. Modern Warfare Remastered hit me straight in the nostalgiacâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ I love it. Honestly I can't justify the price even at 20 dollars. They did not keep it original, they brought mechanics in from the BO series and ditched a few original ideas. Luckily the gun quirks were not changed, like the M40 w/ ACOG is still one shot kill, even to the toe. Also an M14 with a red dot has the same mobility as an MP5, go figure. This is a video game but just thinking of the weight difference between those two weapons gives me the keks. By the way I have an i4690k 4.0 and gtx 1080, 16gb ram and the optimization at the start of each map causes my computer to lag for 20-50 seconds. Unacceptable. I would say, honestly. I give it an overall 13/20. IW Campaign, zombies and MP average at 6/10 while I give codmod4 remastered a 7/10. If money is not an issue. Don't worry about the reviews. Buy the game, play it, if you like it, great, if not, on to the next.
The only reason to buy this game at all is for Modern Warfare Remastered, and even then, you should either wait until Activision is forced to release it as a standalone game, or obtain it through *other means*.This was, by far, the most disappointing Call of Duty release I've ever played. IW should have stuck with the Ghosts IP and made Ghosts 2; at least then they were setting themselves up to do something original and have you play the bad guy in the next installment in the series. This would have been an incredibly intelligent meta-narrative on how you don't truly have freedom of choice in the way a video game's plot develops, but apparently the fan base was too stupid to see where the plot was actually heading, and IW chickened out after the (neccessarily) generic plot of Ghosts went over the heads of the fans.To clarify,Infinite Warfare: 5/10Modern Warfare Remastered: 10/10
In a year that bought so many good MP FPS, this game has no business existing. The controls feel clunky and awkward when compared to just about every other shooter this year. Even Paladins, a free to play title, feels more satisfying than this games multiplayer.As for the single player; the computer wants to control the game too much. Whether its aggressive aim assist even when turned off or auto flight when locked on in air combat, this game seems to find new ways to be that friend who says 'I'll just help you get passed this bit'.The graphics and performance is all over the place too; certain textures are just low res garbage that is mixed in with amazing ones, the game decides it needs to load mid level on my 970 despite running at a mostly smooth 60fps. I have also run into a weird 'VAC' error that apparently was happening in Ghosts but is still happening and it stops you from entering in MP without a restart. In summary the Single Player is pretty much press x to win, and the multiplayer is the worst fps mp i have played this year. Do yourself a favour and buy overwatch, play paladins, buy titanfall 2, any shooter but this one.
For being a new game, it looks and feels very old. The lobby system sucks unless you wanna play "call of lobby". They have no anti cheat, which invites cheaters... they are in every lobby. So, if you are an honest player, this game is not for you.  You will not stand a snowballs chance in hell. The hackers will destroy your KDR and prolong your advancement in the games acheivments. I have played this since it came out and instead of having fun playing with my friends, we end up frustrated and upset from all the hacker bs. I rate this game a negative 10
DO NOT BUY! Still the same "Akimbo" and "MP" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and new players are way to far behind...
i'm gonna be honest, i really liked the multiplayer at first but when i came back to it after not playing for a week the fat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who do nothing but play it 24/7 had gotten all the legendary skins (which give way too big of an advantage) and prestiged 80 000 times and now they just slide around the map with their dual rocket launchers and mow everyone down completely removing the fun and making the game so unfairly difficult that it simply isn't worth it. The campain is alright tho so maybe buy it on sale.
I can say this is one of the worst cod's at the mo,du to MP bing very laggy and stuttering badly any one who leave a post just cause of zombie's will need to try rest of the game 1st .Now cod MW4 is still just as bad as the main game brought back some good memories but that is about it, do your self a favour and but tianfall 2 much better.
This game is competely awful
dont buy from steam or download - not working and steam refuses to refund - bunch of thieves.....even bought a hard copy but because of steam "updates" - still wont work - not a pc issue - steam download issue - absolute robbers... support is hopeless - customer service is non existant...
I wish that Activision would take a year out to develop on one better call of duty rather than one more crappy game thats just been pumped out the 'half-arsed detailed and boring call of duty game' generator. This game is just not fun.
DO NOT BUY THIS ON PCIf you have a console and you're planning on getting this game, I highly recconmend this game. But DO NOT get this game for pc. Activision is completely neglecting the pc version and constantly refuses to comment on the issues and complaints. We are 3 updates behind the console versions, and they don't even have plans of updating the pc version. This is absolutely rediculous, I thought Activision would never stoop as low as they have in recent years.
Multiplayer Review:I've always really loved call of duty. Black ops 2 was my favorite on console and i was one of those people that put countless hours in and was master prestige. I got out of the cod loop for a while and looked to getting back into it on pc. I saw infinte warfare had a lot of bad reviews and looked for any good reason or excuse to get this game. I said meh and bought it anyway with all the negativity i had seen. I entered my first multiplayer game which took forever to find, The only multiplayer game you can play is team deathmatch because thats all the community plays. This is not call of duty this is sh**. This game is super fast paced, if you get a couple kills your bound to instantly get killed after. All the maps are the size of a penut and the guns are really stupid. Listen to the reviews on here and dont buy this crap. Dont buy into legacy edition either their marketing bs is awful, this game is not worth 60 bucks and the dlc isnt worth 50. They know infinte warfare is complete sh** so if you just want modern warfare they make you buy it with infinite warfare. Sorry call of duty, im done with your sh**.
if i rated this on a scale from 1 to 10 as to how strongly i recommend buying it then i would give it a 6 if 5 is completely neutral. tdm is about the only mutliplayer match u can find a game in(this is true for infinte warfare and mw remastered) and zombies. but at night, most nights i can't find one. you'd probably be better off getting it for ps4 or xb1 if u want to be able to find multiplayer matches in the future. i think it will die quickly on the pc. my pc handle infinte warfare with no struggle at all. 1080@60 fps no problems. modern warfare is is is kinda rough on it though but it does still look and play pretty well. it is best to play it in borderless mode though. and if u have to chose between this and battlefield 1 i would defenitly go with bf1. my pc specs r 4790k oc'ed to 4.7ghz, 16gb of ram, gtx 970 overclocked with msi afterburner.edit:i've changed my opinion to don't buy it. i used to love activision but they royally suck now! and they have enabled vac protection on this game now so this makes me wonder if people r gonna start getting banned for nothing like they did with cod: black ops 3(i was one of those people). don't buy it. the multiplayer is about dead anyway. head over to origin and buy battlefield 1 if u want a real game.
OLD REVIEW:Infinite Warfare is probably the best COD PC port i ever experienced from a performance standpoint.It runs at 60 FPS on max settings with my AMD R9 380, while i have to play black ops 3 on med settings.The campaign is very good, actually the best cod campaign i ever played. It's also the first CoD title to feature Side missions. Only negative thing is that it only has like 5 or 6 missions, so i completed the game before i even started any Side mission, as i thought it would be way longer. Without Side missions the campaign takes about 3 to 4 hours.Multiplayer is fun, different than any other CoD i experienced before. Its fast, really fast, but it also feels very good and exciting, its never boring. Well, if we ignore the cheaters. Oh my god the cheaters. Infinity ward has to add VAC support as soon as possible as more and more players will stop playing the game because of them.So if you end up in a lobby without cheaters, it will probably be the best MP you ever experienced in CoD. (Edit: Cheaters are now getting banned)Zombies was a big surprise. I never thought it would reach the level of treyarch zombies, but i would say that its even better than black ops 3 zombies! The map is great, not too complicated, but still a lot areas to explore.The new perks, magic cards etc. are very unique and make it even more fun.So the whole game in a nutshell:Positive:-Very good campaign, emotional moments and characters you will remember-Multiplayer is very unique for the CoD series and is a very exciting and fresh experience if you like the faster type of shooters-Zombies is absolutely amazing. Maps, features and characters make it better than black ops 3 zombies.-The Port is very well made, stable performance at 60 FPS max Settings ALL the time while bo3 ran with med settings and  had some frame dropsNegative:-Campaign is very short-Might be too fast for some people.Edit: VAC seems to be enabled now and some cheaters got banned. I didnt meet a cheater in the last 3 to 4 weeks.UPDATE MARCH 2017Alright, lets be honest. The game on PC is in a catastrophic state. They disabled dedicated servers, they barely fix any problems, cheaters are still common, and its really hard to find a game without being kicked right after start.Do not buy this on PC. Also not with Modern Warfare Remastered. MWR is an even bigger catastrophy than IW.If you want to play CoD on PC, buy Black ops 3 or Black ops 2, depending on which game style you prefer.
Only good thing about this game is the Zombie Mode.
Absolute bullsh*t, it's everything you knew and feared it would be. 1/5 I want my money back. + the windows store/steam divided thing, what the hell?
Absolute bullsh*t, it's everything you knew and feared it would be. 1/5 I want my money back. + the windows store/steam divided thing, what the hell?
Only bought this for MWR. Played some of the campaign...and pretty much what I expected = a load of crap. Shooting at lame robots with crappy energy guns. Graphics are underwhelming, gameplay is rigid, story is boring. COD id dead.
This game motivated me to uninstall the game from my pc.  10/10 for motivation!
The Good: Zombies. The Okay: The Campaign. The Bad: The Multiplayer. At full price I can not recommend this, but at a discount (maybe 29.99) would be the sweet spot.
Get this for zombies when its cheaper. Other than that MP Is fun for the first five minutes and campaign is good but nothing memorable. Give it a try and you might be suprisedEDIT: Zombies now stutters like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just give up infinitey ward ♥♥♥♥ing hell trust them to go and screw up the only good thing
-900/10 what a joke. Can't even find a match onliine.
Activision is such a joke. ♥♥♥♥ you Activision.
This game is dead found 1 player in zombies and nobody playing team deathmatch you might have better luck but this is a console only game if you want players ALSO IF YOU ARE READING THIS AND HAVE THE GAME PLEASE ADD ME SO WE CAN PLAY ZOMBIES IM KEEN ANYTIME
I really do not recommend this game.I never write reviews and I have always had a low opinion of the CoD games with the exception of Modern Warfare. Even so, I was pulled in by the lure of it possibly being something new much like Modern Warfare. This was a major disappointment even for me.Lots of explosions and really pitiful story and gameplay results in the game equivelent of Michael Bay movies. Graphics - The only fair point this game gets from me.Performance - I have had a number of issues, the biggest of which was a really wierd issue of one of the cinematics going in slow motion and out of sync with the sound. Once it crawled through the cinematic, it then went back to the start and played again.Otherwise, Linear gameplay FPS with all the obvious trappings of plot contrived story and meaningless shootouts.
The game crashes every time I die. This is unplayable in its current state.
Just like Call of Duty Ghost, it just sucks. So far Treyarch make the best game for Call of Duty.
*Plays campaign and beats it**Comes back a few days later and the game keeps crashing*Nope
Enjoyable multiplayer game which sadly has no anti-cheat or atleast one that works.i reached level 20 in multplayer and encountered atleast 10 people using what looks like aimbot when reviewing the kil cam they flick from head to head using 360 turnsgetting 40+ kills and no deaths in a TDM.inifnity ward should have folded when the top devs left for respawn entertainment.i will still play the game it just leaves a sour taste when every other game you joinhas hackers.kaos
Multiplayer is a f2p payment model in a $60 game.
I load the game and crashes after being on the game for 2 minutes cant even get in a game to play Purely a waste of time and money
The game feels like a few of the best parts of Blops 3 with the clunky controls and same interface as AW. Moving around with each class felt like I was a floaty tank. On load the game continuously would take about 3 minutes to navigate to the main menu because of the preloading of shaders.Single Player:Really didn't get the chance to play because I had to make sure that the multiplayer and zombies would be good before my Steam return policy would be valid in case I didn't like the game. I'd love to play it as a standalone item, but at this point for the price it's not an option.Multiplayer:Unskippable cutscenes, really poor hit detection, a mechanic similar to Titanfall and Blops 3 for wallrunning, but the maps weren't designed for it so you'd get killed... a lot! The loot system was basically pay to win since half the time when I played my entire team would get killed by one OP gun after another that was one of the rare guns that the person told us he bought with real money. The spawn system was similar to the issue that you have in BF1 recently which is spawn... die... spawn... die, which is plain and simple not fun.Zombies:This mode was pretty fun and had a few novel ideas behind it. The style really shined as far as being unique and lighthearted, the only problem is that in the same way multiplayer and the engine suffer... your movement just feels like your a lumbering oaf that moves really slowly when you're really trying to as IW says, "have that boots on the ground, run and gun gameplay."MW Remastered:In the multiplayer chats after I asked a few times was the game actually worth buying most people said not really, but they'd like for people to not refund because it kills the community of players. Then they attempted to entice me by saying well the good part of it really is MW Remastered. Sadly this isn't the part that IW actually made (well they made the original when Vince and others from the original team were there) but the actual remasted was made by Raven software.Conclusion:Sadly, I really had to return the game because of more or less fundamental game engine issues. Sure the games graphical fidelity may allow for crisper textures and better lighting and similar to IW's last outing with Ghosts can even have fish that move out of the way when you swim past them. In addition the game has a few new bells and whistles with gameplay, but when the game has:a. Long load times and performance stuttering.b. Features missing from the fundamental experience that IW is admitting that they need to add in patches (kill cam feeds, etc.)c. Reskins of previous killstreaks, weapons, character models, etc.d. Ideas borrowed from each of their previous iterations with no real true innovation... Combat Rigs - Specialsts from BLOPs 3, Killstreaks - Same killstreaks used from the 5 past CODs, Wall running - Poorly executed copy of BLOPs 3 and Titanfall, Grenades - Many of these are borrowed from very early footage of Titanfall 2, etc.I just don't know how much longer the formula can continue. If it continues this way on the PC the community will be gone very soon.If you're going to get a game right now for the FPS experience, get Battlefield 1 or Titanfall 2... both offer much more replayability and some innovation behind them.
After you fight through the Bugs and everything you have a Campaign that holds for 10 Hours if you are fresh with the sometimes overkilling Swarm of AI Enemies in COD or if you are a Vet maybe 8 Hours. While the Campaign itself is pretty cool and well made its plain to Short for 60-80 Bucks.The Multiplayer is the same as usual for this Genre and the Zombie Mode is pretty much...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.So if you get this for PC on the various 3th Sellersites for 20 Bucks then maybe you can get it, otherwise stay away from it.
Another spacewar game with supply drops and some other bullsh!t I don't want to waste my time to learn what the confusing crap it is. duck that Gameplay is smoother then MWR which I am surprise and confused why on why MWR doesn't run this smooth. Also you die way too fast on corners by people flying aroudn. Engouh space war for me. Lets move on to WW2Only reason for this trash is for MWR.
Sadly, I have to put my thumb down and not recommending the game.The reason is that i feel IW has been abandoned.While you could find many gamemodes in Playstation and XBox such as the new Reinforce mode and other known modes such as Grind,Capture The Flag,Uplink,Search&Rescue and more, you will NOT find those modes in the PC verision (Only in private match).Some people will say there weren't many players in those gamemodes in pervious CODs, However, they could have bundled all those modes to a single playlist.With the addition of the canacled IW Beta to the PC, and the big delay on the PC update (They have made fixes for Captrue The Flag and Infected in it, but it's not even playable online...), I feel this verision has been abandoned,and cannot recommend the game.Another major con to the game is the deadly combination of Supply Drops and weapon varients. The Supply drops will become in one point or another to purchaseable with real money, and when that will happen, the people who will spend money will have access to more rare and better weapon varients, which could make the difference between dying and surviving. In other words, Pay to Win.With the fact that there are some varients which are only accessable through supply drops, this combination must be seperated.Don't get me wrong, I'm having fun with the game, but the PC verision is being prevented from accessing contant that the other verisions have.With such a high price, i would expect the full contant every other consule have.And above all, Looks like the pervious game in the series, Call Of Duty:Black ops III, has more players then Infinite Warfare. Personally, I find BO3 much better as it has a deep zombies mode, funnier MP, and free mod tools (Which means you can download custom maps and mods for free)I wish there were more people playing on the PC version of Infinite Warfare as well (and COD generally) , but how they can if this game is abandoned from the very beginning?
This game is hilarious. But cancer isn't funny...
only reason i bought this game was to get the remastered cod4. not a fan of infinite warfare feels like ghost or blops3 with more ways for the enemy to get behind you. if they sold cod 4 rm seperate there would probs be lots more people playing  buuut they mde u buy this pos to get it. more cod crap
Good concept overall, but bad execution. The movement differs negatively from bo3's, the spawns are awfull, the maps not optimized for the jetpack movement, the guns are random: may take three or six bullets in the chest to kill a guy, and in my opinion this game is nowhere near futuristic looking, knowing that is what the developpers aimed for.
Unable to invite or join friend's games.
♥♥♥♥♥Game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Horrible multi!! just dont do it! dont!!!
bad
one of the worst call of duties ever created to date!
One of the best cods in years ruined by lack of anti cheat and lack of PC players.  To me the game is a more enjoyable game than MW3, AW, Blops3, or obviously GHOSTs which makes this one of the best CODS in a pretty long time.Sadly the game is a lot of fun with one of the most unique and fun campaigns in a long time.  The class system also allows players to really specialize into a different style and the guns are rewarding as ever.  None of this matters though since despite all the positives the game appears to have no anti cheat and what few matches you run into are ruined by blatent hackers who already have multiple existing vac bans on their account.  Despite the game being very good for a COD, I would not recommend buying this on steam.  Since I'm past refunding I will continue to play it on and off but for someone looking at purchasing this game I would recommend buying it on console or looking at Titanfall 2 or BF1.TO SUMMARIZE!! I like the game a lot but I can't recommend buying it until they implement a decent anti cheat.
runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ audio occasionally lags worse than skype, campaign has a god damn loading screen... Looks like they got more and more lazy with the launch interface too...
Worst game ever, black ops 3 was more fun than this
Pros: Came with Modern Warfare RemasteredCons: Came with Infinite Warfare
I hope I will change my review because this is an amazing game. as far as the creativity and concept for all 3 aspects. Not to mention the musical scores set the tone well. **BUT** When it comes to how it plays on PC? The game is ♥♥♥♥. It will load shaders after every single patch taking 15-30 min everytime and it's a pain in the ♥♥♥ because if you want to alt tab while it does so it can crash on you WHILE loading the shaders and you're waiting all over again. It crashes at inconveinent times. It's not wide range optimized. So you'll have to tweak it hard for it to play well. I wish they ported the game better. Black ops 3 played great after the patches, but the problem is it should play like that DAY ONE not 3 months later after loading 5432132155 patches of shaders. Anyway, Buy it on PS4 or XBONE. You'll enjoy it better.4 patches later update******** Game loads shaders much faster now. And installs the  update much quicker thank god. Does it change my review? hell no. Activision and Inifinity clearly have a bias toward consoles. The PC version does NOT have local play compared to the console which does. They even did a free trail weekend and EXCLUDED PC from it therefore discouraging more players from even getting it on PC. So now the playerbase is as dead as ever. As I'm writing this review there are 2k more players on Black ops 3..Plays good on PS4, Just wish I would've known that before wasting my money on the legacy edition.
shot game, sh!t game
zombies is the only good thing
Run, Shoot, Die, repeat. This is COD and if you like COD games you will most likely enjoy this. Runs fine, once in a while there are FPS drops.The maps in this version seem tighter together and more claustrophobic. I have seen hackers playing this game, not a lot but it is still annoying. Many times I have been on a team by myself for an entire round while the other team has a full party, there does not seem to be any auto balancing. I find it very hard and frustrating to get in a lobby that is not team deathmatch. The new energy weapons are cool but many guns are boring and it is obvious which ones are the best. The new system of rarities of each weapon is interesting, some are nice and do not give a huge advantage but it makes me salty when someone kills me with a simply better version of the exact same gun I am using. Supply crates are the worst thing to happen to COD now that some of the loot you get actually changes the game instead of just being cosmetic. I do not recommend buying this game for the price. COD gets away with so much just because it is COD.
What a waste of a game, It was 60 pounds and i coulnd't even get a refund DO NOT BUY, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE
Probably the worst game I've ever played. Can't find any players half of the time. Crappy console port that runs like garbage and plays like garbage. The netcode is the worst thing I have ever seen. If you're thinking about buying this game, don't. The only good thing is Zombies, but still doesn't make the purchase worth it. Stay away.
TERRIBLE! NOBODY ONLINE AND CHEATERS ALL OVER THE GAME ALLREADY!
Constant audio and video stuttering even with a high-end rig.  Did not matter where I set any graphical settings, none had any effect.  Looked around online and this seems to be a common problem.Do not purchase this game until it is out of "beta" as I would hardly call this a legitimate release version.  Problems that make a game completely unplayable for a wide swathe of players should not be present upon release - especially this far out from its release date.
I really do like this game and Modern Warfare Remastered, It's so much fun when playing online and just play quick matches of run and shoot, Pretty simple right?But with players that get butthurt and accuse others players as  due to controller players or just really good players and can't accept a fair loss, It really ruins the experience for me, Happens almost all games I go to, Just making me want to avoid the game altogether. I think it's better if I stick with Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare or even Call of Duty: Black Ops II, It's sad really.Also Players who play with controllers isn't a . Keep in mind they have a disavantage compared to Mouse and Keyboard. I don't agree with controller support but it's not a tool people call it a
the campaign is okthere are no playwers in the multiplayer lobbiesi should have went with battlefield 1i probably wont buy another call of duty game
NETCODE SHI**MAPS SH**FPS LOCKED SH**HAS NO ANTI CHEAT what OPS Infinity Ward forget that OHHHHH SH**THIS GAME IS MORE SH** than GHOST wait 1 more thing 2019 comes the next SH**  COD game from infinity ward dont forget DONT BUY this SH**
This game is not a multiplay game. I am really disappointed about this game with server.I play this IW because I was big time fan and now I am leaving. I haven't got to play other than teamdeath match, no matter how long I waited for.  It is really sucks.
infinite warfare was fun, but the MW remastered edition won't launch due to the widely known "not enough disk space" bug (despite there being 2+ TB of free disk space). Can't reccomend buying the legacy edition until they fix the modern warefare remaster so it can actually launch.
I dont care for the single player but the mutliplayer feels slugish plus why did you put in caln groups so you can find games faster, this game is just  a copy of BO3.  and  for cod remasterd  that game is more smooth then IW!
♥♥♥♥ING FIX MWR JESUS! Getting only 25-45 frames when i can play damn the main♥♥♥♥♥♥game Infinite on ultra with 60+ all the time is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing stupid fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cash ♥♥♥♥.
Hardcore CoD Fan and this game is one of my favorites, when it works, which is almost never. No online community to speak of so after waiting ten minutes you get put into a 2v4 match and game bounces back and forth from 20 to 90 fps. Texture glitches and flickering everywhere. Garbage game is garbage. 0/10 would not even rent.
Don’t buy this game if u have wide monitor, pls don’t
Big lagg issues on high end pc , no servers , ervery game is full of campers , an the list goes on, another f*cked up release from cod
Call of Duty has fallen from grace ungracefully. If you have attention defecit hyperactivity disorder, this game is for you. If you like to look at what you are doing during a game, possibly even pay attention, I cannot reccomend this game. This game clearly started out as Ghosts 2, recycling the same fonts, a map remake and weapon animations, but likely got changed given Ghosts appalling reception. As a cod fan from Modern Warfare, I can not recommend this game to either a self respecting adult nor an ex-avid CoD fan.VISUALSWhilst standing still, something in the distant past of Call of Duty, the game may look appealing, with OK graphics for a CoD game. Move at anything past a slow walk and you will find the repetitive 'spacey' maps blur into nothing as you watch your gun shake. The maps in mulitplayer have no atmosphere (pardon the pun) and feel empty, apart from the non-stop god awful noise.The campaign looks OK, but cinematics are locked at 30fps so look rubbish.Zombies looks nice. Repetitve, but fun for the first hour.SOUNDThis game sounds terrible. The weapons sound worse than they did in 2009. They also all sound the same. Great if you're deaf.ONLINEPlayer counts are embarassingly low. You'll find lobbies, but you'll see the same names appearing frequently.I wouldn't bother. Buy Overwatch. Why would you even buy CoD on PC anyway?
game sucks
This game is proof that god has a sense of humour.
Hackers everywhere.
THIS GAME IS LITERALL CANCERPros:NoCons:Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare
Campaign: Haven't played, get a fatal error at the same place everytime, nice port Shitnity Ward...Multiplayer: A Better version of Black Ops 3, now with more FPS drops and freezes, nice port Shitinity Ward...
the current state of the game is bad, only played the campain and having massive fps issues. only getting 24 fps at best and im running a ici7-6800, gtx 1060 and 16gb of ram. the scenes between missions are glitchy aswell!! wouldnt recommend to a friend and never buying a cod game again, no matter what extras the game comes with. wish i had got bf1 or tf2
Infinite Warfare has so many problems it's ridiculous. I have a GTX 1070, i7-6700k 4.0GHz, and 16GB DDR4 3200 RAM, and this game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are so many memory leaks this game should be free. The only good thing about my purchase is that I got Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare remastered which runs decently, but there are only 500 people online at one time. Would not recommend to anyone.
wtf  .. 18/11/16 6pm dxp weeked♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ up my fkn game  sin the fkn updateed cant fkn run my  resolution.... was running  2715*1527 now have 2 run it at 1680*1050 looks so fkn sht.............its bang out ...........u buy is game  u are a muppet.........hope it help u..
when i open it it goes to black screen i do have correct specs. Any ideas?PLEASE
Until the fix the absolutely absurd lag compensation, not even worth trying to play, you'll only enrage yourself as you die repeatedly in situations where you shouldn't have
One word - garbage. thanks to activision c u n t s at this point.
I tried, I really tried to like this game. I enjoy the movement system, the variety of usuable guns in multiplayer, and zombies in spaceland. But after having played several games with hackers, waiting for almost ten minutes for a match of domination release week, and paying sixty dollars for a game that wasn't finished.After defending this game telling people to give it a chance I wish i had listened to them and bought battlefield 1. I can't recommend you buy this game unless you really want modern warfare remastered or I suggest you wait to purchase this game. I thought I would be helpful and list some of the games best "features":After Action Report not appearing– All platformsGame crashes in Zombies– All platformsGame crashes– SteamGame unresponsive on ALT+Enter– SteamThe game seems to be stuttering or rubber banding on level transitions– Windows 10 StoreGame freezes after accepting an invitation– Windows 10 StoreLost mouse functionality on boot– Windows 10 StorePlayers not receiving Season Pass bonus content– All platformsYou should see all of the problems with the windows store. it is basically infinity ward saying "we can't believe you bought it from the windows store.
The only thing that I can say is that I just wasted my money and time. I am one of the COD fan but Infinite warfare ... no. Without any doubt this is a disaster. I definitely regret that I bought it and it also has technical issues. crashes too many time.
i speak only for the multiplayer mode ....The infinite is totaly unplayable for me, the ability to jump/fly make thinks worst , you cant stay alive more then 5 sec casue u cant watch ground and air at the same time , and the respawn system is terrible.The modern warfare remastered it is much better but there is a LITTLE problem , its full with hackers , so if you dont mind to play 5 from 10 games with hackers go for it.
i speak only for the multiplayer mode ....The infinite is totaly unplayable for me, the ability to jump/fly make thinks worst , you cant stay alive more then 5 sec casue u cant watch ground and air at the same time , and the respawn system is terrible.The modern warfare remastered it is much better but there is a LITTLE problem , its full with hackers , so if you dont mind to play 5 from 10 games with hackers go for it.
I never write reviews but this time something needs to be said!I'm writing a review for Call of Duty; Modern warfare remasterd! Ofc they dident make a own rewiev for it and i understand why.I'v never feelt soo let down before..  I bought this game in hope that this will be a time travel back in time.. I remember the time when i played this and for many hours every singel day! The games Campain is perfect! Just like i remember it and it feelt soo good to play it... We are games we need competition, soo we all turn to multiplayer after a while!  Multiplayer is beyond broken! There is no word that can describe how broke it is. Ill give you all a few points why!- Imposible to find matches! 9/10 times you will not be abel to join a lobby or a host! why? "Unabel to connect to host", "Host to unstabel" "no games where found" etc...- I mean the menu of the game is nice and all... But srsly lads i want to get into a game and play with and agains people... It dosent a provide that... - It has a system where you can see how many players is actally playing the game mode you selected... max in a game mode is 700 tops! why? i dont know, it cant be correct... It has to be something with there search system... It can take up to 5 min to find a match and when you connect its a 90% chance you get kicked out since the host system is badly optimized...Its clear that they focus on Infinite Warfare on stability and community... Infinite warfare isent bad, its okey... nothing more nothing less.. but that game is a whole other story for an other time..I'm sure many people love this game and miss the good old times... but i would recomand all off you go buy the old version and not the remasterd...3/10
Almost as fun as masturbating with sandpaper.
The worst COD…specially noting there are better alternatives like BF1 and Titan fall 2….the only good thing is the story mode….which is another bad thing…cause it will make you play for more than 2 hours…and by that time it’s too late for a refund. Do Not buy this game specially with this price tag.
What Can I Say? It's not worth anyones time or money. Ill be fair and post both the good and badPros:It has great graphics and smooth gameplay on campaign.... That's all the pros I have.Cons:Multiplayer is another copy and paste ( Just like every call of duty that has ever existed)Cant find any matches and when you do there are always atleast one hacker that ruins the experience for everyone.jSlow frame rate (even with a high end CPU and GPU.Longer loading times than I expected.First ever call of duty that's pay to win...Activision,you and your teams have done a great job of taking peoples money and producing this horrible, horrible game. You should feel ashamed. I am a fan of both COD and BF and I have to say that battlefield went above and beyond the "Call of Duty" (Literally) and  produced a game that blew you out of the water. They listened to their community and improved what they needed to improve. Start listening to the community instead of producing games that only you want to produce. It's not about you... It's about all the long time call of duty fans. So Start Listening!!!
Game crashes, wont load, horrible i would take black ops 3 over this anyday. The aim assit is to overpowering for the guys who dont get it with a keyboard and mouse, anyone using a contoller instantly locks onto you with zero recoil, and when you use a mouse your all over the place! Horrible game definitely requesting my money back. MWR was the whole reason I bought this game but even that does not work and no one even plays it. took me 25 mins to find a lobby just for the server to go down. and when there is only 300 people playing the game its not worth it
This is for multiplayer only. Zero COD feeling. This is more like Unreal or Quake. Worst spawnsystem ever.Small stupid maps.
-bad PC Support-movement is shity-connection ploblems of doom-netcode is♥♥♥♥♥♥br>-bullet connect is♥♥♥♥♥♥br>-maps are not COD likehope DLC brings better maps
No one is playing it.
I have 20 fps on MEDIUM SETTINGS with an overclocked GTX 960, i5 6500 and 16 GB DDR4 RAM.Unplayable. Fix it fast.
I can only say that I spent $100 on a loading screen... I can only play modern warfare ... tried this on my laptop and my PC.. loading screen... 23 hrs logged... all at the loading screen.. adjusted graphics settings.. safe mode.. loading screen.. that opening scene drives me crazy .. i should have bought this on my PS4 :(
Dont by it complete waste of money, wait for price to drop and buy for a campaign one of the best ones. Multiplayer as usual with COD games seems like a complete after thought. The matchmatch is utter rubbish as i have come to expect since COD 4ish, most servers are laggy even if the pings are completely fine. Also since the first update 18/11/16 the graphics is all screwy even with the correct COD:IW specific drives. Player base is very small and most games are riddled with hackers using shot scripts and players running around like crazy with akimbo weapons not needing to aim at all. Im never buying another COD game again.
Cant play crashes, screen is black on menu in lobby.Edit: made an exception in my antvirus and i can now see background and join games
♥♥♥♥♥waste of your money
quite possibly the worst call of duty game I have ever played. If you like running around in circles on tiny maps go for it, why have sniper guns, pointless, the maps are too small and the gameplay is awful. I just wish I could get my money back, dreadful, dreadful game
refund/10 can't play either games.
WASTE OF MONEY AND VERY FRUSTRATING!! I have played all the COD games for years. This is the first time I write a review. The main problem with this game is cheaters/hackers. Activision needs to allow dedicated servers so we can police our own lobbies just like the good ol days. Infinity Ward/Activision needs to stop taking peoples money if they are not going to do their job and clean up these lobbies. Thats why COD 4 was so good. Even if you report players, it does no good. THIS GAME IS  LAGGY, UNBALANCED AND JUST NOT WORTH IT! I do not recomend and wish i could get a refund. COD is dead.
Why the f*ck did i buy this?!
It's a bit s hit really.
Worse campaign I've ever played. Perhaps I shouldn't have played Titanfall 2's campaign before this one which is one of the best.MP could be good but due to lack of support and anticheat it's gone down hill fast.About time cheats realised that along with the lack of support and their cheating has almost killed COD off now.Should you buy it, yes if you can put up with the above, if not then no.
Read the review of a hardcore and experienced COD fan :)Ok guys, to start with...I owned every COD game and played all of them online after black ops, got 3000+ hours online. I love the franchise, it's the only multiplayer game I play online and I was really looking forward for this one BUT unfortunately, really hated this COD. I hated it at first so I have decided to play more till I like it. It has been 50 hours now and nothing new, I still hate it... So here's why;First of all and probably the most important one is that, the multiplayer part is broken! I don't know if it's the lag compensation or the code but it's definitely not working out. If you're lagging or have a bad connection, then you have no chance against a good player with a good connection. Most of the time, I see the player and shoot but die instantly!!! So, I watch the killcam and see that I don't even fire before he put 3 bullets in me??? :) I'm a good(!) player. I had around 2-3 kd in the previous games so I'm definitely no noob and know what I'm doing and telling you that, this one is broken for sure. And I don't have a bad connection BUT I live in Turkey so my ping is always a bit higher than the players in europe, so in this game it just destroyed the whole experience...this one is the first and only COD that I had problems with connection, lag and lag compensation...whatever you wanna call it!And... In bo3, you were able to see people's steam accounts so you can look whether they have VAC bans and such... This time, nothing! You were able to see your opponents kd's, individual kd's with different game modes, with different guns and so on which was great actually...This time, it's gone as well!?!? In bo3, you were able to see your ping, this time just some stupid bars which doesnt work at all! The menu part also feels a bit dated so with this game, it's like COD has gone 10 year backwards?!? Good job treyarch! Keep up the good work...I'm not even gonna start with guns. It's highly unbalanced and smgs dominate. The hipfire with laser sight is also op which turns this game into rushing around, hipfiring all the way... Terrible...The only think I like about this game is the new "missions" part. Which is a nice addition. You can also get all the guns with working hard online. So it's not all luck like the bo3. Other than that, bo3 dominates this game in every aspect. Hell, advanced warfare was 10 times better than this!!!!Shame on you COD for ruining smt that we've waited for 2 years since AW...Shame on you!!!
it´s very very bad, this game have not a different since modern warfare. every year ist the same♥♥♥♥♥♥(rank up in the next level).. why i waste my money in this (game).don´t buy and try it...
currently playing this game in medium settings with... Gtx 970 sli msi z97 gaming 5 i7 4790k 16 gb ram hyperx ddr3 still can't hold a steady 60 fps... but bo3 had 180 fps max settings-.-
This game is trash. From the clunky movement, to the poor menu design, to the bland maps, to the generic pew pew sounds. Infinity Ward hasn't even implimented an Anti-Cheat system in their game so hackers are now becoming rampant through IW and MWR. I can't believe I got tricked, again, into buying anothe Infinity Ward branded CoD. This game is garbage and I think even the devs know it. They had to package a nostalgic game with it just to tempt people to buy it. I fell for it and wish I didn't now that I've played them. EVEN ZOMBIES SUCKS! Like, how do you screw up a Zombies mode?This game is just a cheap, bland, knock-off of Black Ops 3. Even the create a class has changed from the classic Modern Warfare style Create-a-class to the 3Arch version. I want my money back. MWR doesn't even justify the cost for me. More people are playing MW2 on PC than MWR.
Let it be known, that I've always been, (and will probably continue to be,) a fan of Call of Duty games.. But this is by FAR the worst multiplayer game in the series! Hands down awefull! WAY to quick, way to open, nothing similar to strategic overlay, its all about getting the most bullets out of your gun per sec, and hoping you dont get shot in the back after each kill.. The maps are redicculously small, the guns insanely precise and everyone spawns so close to one another, you WILL be shot in the back at least every second time you die!The singleplayer is very wellmade and worth a playthrough or two, but Call of Duty has always been about the multiplayer for me.. Without multiplayer its just a very overprized singleplayer campaign game.. I had very high hopes for the remake of Modern Warfare, which is my absolute favorite, but sadly the remake reminds me a lot more of CounterStrike Source, (the new version not the old,) and I'm afraid the 8-900 players it has been able to muster, while I've been playing, are going to be in for continued frustrations from clunky game mechanics, massive delays and odd errors, where you can't change class or even options between battles... Unless you like me gotta have it for your collection, have money to spare and time enough to waste on hair-pulling frustration, don't buy this game. I give it a maximum of 3 months before hardly anyone is playing it anymore, you can't find a decent server with players from your continent and you severely regrets your purchase.. NOT RECOMMENDED!
Just read the other comments
Doens't even allow me to play, zombies crash after the cinematic, campaing doesnt load past the first cinematic.
-_-
This is my first review for a game since conception of my steam account. Although there have been many games that have deserved good, maybe even stellar reviews, this one is negative for the most part. Although its worth noting that my pessimism for PC games ha only grown over the years with the shift in focus that has been catered more towards console gaming. I think the most depressing thing about this game is the community or lack thereof. The most I saw playing at once on a weekend was around 7,000 players and that number is dwindling because 1 out of 2 games there is hacker there to ruin the fun. Why Infinity Ward hasn't a patch to answer this let alone something to prevent hacking in the first place? I am going to bed tonight and the rest of the next week dreaming that somehow I get a refund so I can give it to a bum in need. Surely that person would have more fun than I have had wasting my time and frustration on what could of been something good.I will however say that the feel of the game is worth noting, no mouse input lag and aiming just feels fluid. Gameplay is actually pretty decent. Maps could be a lot better. It feels a lot like Advanced Warfare which I actually liked a lot.It's also too bad that MW Remastered didn't take off as well as we thought.Sadly a waste of $80 and I hardly see PC gaming let alone this franchise get any better with the complete neglect of the PC gaming community.
game can be fun if i can ♥♥♥♥ing find a match. i really wish i could get a refund but seeing how i have 12hours of searching for a match and 4 hour of gameplay i cant. please fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ i really like the zombies im just tired of playing it on my own. i just spent an hour looking ofr a match and only find 1 other person. that would be fine if me and that person could play but you HAVE to have 4 players to play zombies. why, just why.
Don't Waste your time
Cant connect to online services... tried everything, what a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ game â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ u activision
Game is to much in to the future for me, nothing compared to black ops 3 and the amount off fps drops i get is ridiculous. The game sounds awful to be fair. Do not waste your money on this rubbish.
Bad game.
Not Bad -Multiplayers: Not bad-Campin: Bad-Zombie: GoodBut Why You Don't Give a F about us (PC)?No Updates No Noting and sometimes you don't do anyting and you got drop framebut mw1 dosen't have any drop frame and i think no updates in this game etherjust care about us and update your game in the same date of the Release Please.
This Game isâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
This Game is♥♥♥♥♥
ZombiesI will start off by saying Zombies is alot of fun (well its zombies ofcourse its fun) but god damn stop putting stupid easter eggs that require youtubing. Also the guns in the mystery box are all trash and the only ones worth a damn require you to do mind numbingly stupid tasks (the same tasks over and over each time you wanna play....not fun.) CampaignSeems legit, im a few chapters in and it seems solid..no beef.MultiplayerAn absolute embarrasment to gamers. player base in non existent but if u try REALLY HARD you can occasionally find a game in TDM. ( how dare i want to play more than one game mode for full retail right? )Time to kill is another cardinal sin made by this pathetic dev team assigned to multiplayer. dont worry about customising your loadout or finding your fav gun to use they will all kill in point 1 of a second.wall jumping, 1000000 diff kill streaks, sliding etc its like a circus and you idiots need to tone it the hell down.I challenge anyone to go play World at War then come back to this junk and you too will shake your head at where this franchise had ended up.How good did it feel to use a thompson or MP90 and down someone using a juggernaut perk, or use the bolt action rifles.And just 3 killsteaks radar, carpet bomb and dogs. Simple and effective, you knew what to expect and learn how to avoid.A peice of advice for you morons who i bet dont even game really. Simple is effective. You dont need to add a whole bunch of in game junk to sell a new game every year. I watched people get in fist fights to get there hands on a nintendo  2016. Simple is effective.
Worst port, Ghosts was better LOL.I can't even change settings without it freezing ffs.TERRIBLEDidn't mind charging me 60 quid though, ♥♥♥♥ing yank♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Worst COD to date.Apparently even updates are 1 month later on PC,♥♥♥♥♥U ACTIVISION
Worst game ever, multiplayer is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥spaceland ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The zombies has 20min queue time here in the Netherlands.Modern Warfare remastered has bad fps on my gtx 1070 and is not playable because of that.
Dont like the game. Just my opinion.
AIM BOTS Beware!I started the campaign.  It was as expected, cheese; Tom Cruiz dude going big in space. Visually pretty nice. Gameplay fine. Returned due to half the players in modern warfare using aim bots and cheats. Completely unplayable. Very excited multiplayer release and very disappointed to see this as the outcome.If you have plans to buy for online matches avoid this like the plague. If you plan to use an aim bot and hack the you should pick this up since you won't get banned.
Here are some pos and negs about COD IWpos:- an interesting campaign set in the future featuring a interplanetary war- Ethan- It's not too long in it's campaignnegs:- Too many microtransaction supported crafting mechanics for weapons in the multiplayer that give unfair advantages if you're not spending extra money since earning scrap for crafting is such a rare source. Same thing with drops and keys for drops- the netcode as it is, is way too much relying on peer2peer although it switches sometimes to dedicated servers (as confusing as it is). on top, the TTK is way too low, even for a COD game and I hope this could be prevented in a bigger patch which, I guess, will never come (meaning, there won't be changes to the TTK)- back to the campaign, it's only really for heavy fans of Call of Duty and for me personally not attractive as I dislike the big focus on war and being a soldier, rather than telling a good war story
just when you thought they couldn't make a game worst than Ghosts, this garbage comes out.  It's full of glitches and really not fun at all.  makes you understand why they paired it up with the remake of modern warfare...Thank god for steam refunds is all I'm saying.
3/5, I used to love the old school COD MW1 and MW2, but new warfare  is alright. Zombie is fun, if you play with friends. Other than that, I wouldn't recommend buying deluxe version.
Can't find a game- neither regular TDM or HC, laggy with GTX 1060. Singleplayer is boring and repetetive. After trying for 20 min to connect to ANY game requested refund.UPD. 2 bugfixes later multiplayer is much better. Less lag. (BTW steam CS - suxxx). I still think singleplayer is boring.UPD2.  I still find UI confusing after 140 hours of playing :) Connectivity sucks: sometimes I can't connect to any game, for like 20 - 30 minutes, and then it fails to connect... Great!!!!.  Connection quality level is ALWAYS showing 4 bars for all players which is not true. If I leave a lobby and trying to reconnect again I will be placed to the same lobby, period, no alternatives. And about single player: it's stutters on videos, badly. I hope I can force myself not to buy COD crap anymore. Should've buy Titanfall 2.UPD3. I bought TF2... And looks like I like TF1 better. Am I getting old and don't like changes?COD IW still sucks :)
IW MULTIPLAYERPlenty of other reviews about it, but not so much about the cheaters.  Aimbotters and wallhacks running amok in multiplayer.  VAC is disabled and no word on when it will be enabled.  The "Recent Players" Steam feature is also unavailable for this game, which means unreportable hackers (unless they have a unique name that can be searched easily) have zero reprecussions for ruining the game for everyone else and there's nothing that can be done about them other than just hope that they get bored and leave, like everyone else.  The game still uses the same old Quake 3 engine that COD has been using for so long, still full of so many exploitable security holes.  Don't buy if you're in it for multiplayer.IW CAMPAIGNCampaign lacks replayability just like BO3, there's just no weapons/level progression this time around.  The story is less♥♥♥♥♥than it has been in the previous few games, but it's still pretty whacky and leaves gaping plotholes to the imagination.  The gameplay has seen great improvements, and also a spaceship battling system as well as optional missions to assassinate primary enemy targets that are pretty cool.  Like in all other CODs, the campaign is still underwhelmingly short.  MWR CAMPAIGN/MULTIPLAYERThe MWR campaign and multiplayer are both a carbon copy of the old COD 4, it is just a reskin that looks somewhat better, does not have as many cheaters, and nothing more.  The multiplayer also has bonus crippling performance issues.  No balancing or bug fixes.IW ZOMBIESZombies is great, if you use guides.  The obnoxiously convoluted easter eggs from BO2/3 zombies have only gotten worse, and you pretty much have to do them if you want to survive for too long because the zombies are much beefier than they have been in previous games.  The zombies gamemode otherwise generally plays somewhat shorter, more rewarding, and (arguably) harder than previous COD zombies modes.ACTIVISION BUSINESS DECISIONSThe Windows 10 store and Steam both have this game.  They both use the same platform...  The PC.  These two versions of the game are not connected to each other.  You'd think this was a decision on part of Microsoft shooting themselves in the foot to try to get one at Steam, but no, this was a decision by the publisher of IW.
It just was not fun and it was not worth 80 dollars. I would want to get this one on sale.
This game is beyond terrible, the multiplayer is unbelivably buggy. Not worth half the money, esspecialy compared to Black Ops 3.
Nope.  Been 10 days, 0 updates and game seems to keep crashing for ALOT of people.  The remaster was crashing the same way, but it was updated within a couple days and since then 10/10 on it! When/if I'm every able to play i'll update this.UPDATE 2017-02-15:Still same crashing.  Game has a memory leak, even lowest settings I can oy run for approx 30 min before it commits over 12 gigs of ram and crashes.  Granted the game only is "using" 3-4 gigs max, at max settings even.
Im just gonna talk about the mp because thats really the main attraction of cod.So in general if you want to do well and have fun with this broken game then your gonna need to get the over powered epic weapon variants which by the way takes ages to get if you dont have the season pass just to put into context how insanely un-balanced this game is there is an epic ump45 variant that allows you to dual wield them, and there is literally nothing that can beet a dual ump45 end of story.So overall the expireance i have had with this broken♥♥♥♥♥game is you will be♥♥♥♥♥♥on by epic werapons and smgs there is no point in using ar's in this game you'll just get ♥♥♥♥d everytime.Not to mention that the specialists are the most annoying things ever because you cant tell if someone is using one so you just go at them thinking its just a normal enemy but actually they have a crossbow machine gun thing that kills you instantly, great fun rite?!Even mwr is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play cuz everything will kills in like 2 to 3 shots making it rage indusing and not much fun to play.Basicly♥♥♥♥♥you activision for supply drops and ♥♥♥♥ you infinity ward for making a♥♥♥♥♥♥broken game.Oh and the game is poorly optimized so unless you got a high end system its gonna run like♥♥♥♥♥♥basicly, yea great game.4/10what happend to call of duty
No Online Games.This game is the worst COD ever.Do not buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This game has no dedicated servers so uses Host Migration System; you or your other players host on their PC and if they quit for any reason the game attempts to migrate to another but about 40% it fails to do so.Do not buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They're adding cod points. it's just as bo3 but even worse...Do not buy the game nor any cod points it's just a rip off.Servers are pretty much dead and progressing is a joke.
Only for MWRIW is trashwant good games to play?Overwatch and Battlefield1
Terrible, too much to complain about. Buy something else, pretty much anything else is better than this garbage.
Downvoting cause theirs no protection against cheaters on the servers.  -thumbs up-I enjoyed the Singleplayer storyline, heads up allot of people die.It's set in space, space battles that make the makers of Star Wars Battlefront blush hard the space battles are so perfect that any sci fi lover would want this game.You also have missions on planets I prefer those, the enemy can be human and they can be robotic. So your electric weapons are more effective against those robots and you can hack them and use them against the enemy.I won't give the storyline away, but I just enjoy the gameplay and the storyline.  -thumbs down-I seriously hate the Multiplayer so much.The advantages for people who played the game more is crazy.And you must upgrade your weapon to shoot some kind of lazers or you get killed by a person shooting the floor as those bullets bounce around. So poor weapon balancing.And I can't adjust the mouse acceleration good enough I can't set it per example to 2.57 so it means I never can get the perfect aim. For some reason I need allot more hits with my weapon as someone else.I loved Black Ops 3, best multiplayer and I love the sliding and wallruning in that, but this game is even more CQC and it's just not enjoyable.  -thumbs up- -thumbs down-The Spaceland Zombie map is fun it's set in a wrong 80s theme so I like that.But I just wish it had a Singleplayer storyline that would have been great like in BO3.And you only get 1 more so that sucks.  -thumbs up- -thumbs down-I'm seriously impressed by how much better they made the game look.This is the best remaster I have seen, so yeah they did a good job upgrading it all.And offcourse it was fun replaying the Singleplayer it took about 6 hours for 1 run.100% completion takes about 15 hours, depends on how much luck you get on Mile High Club Veteran.The reason I also say thumb down, because if you play on Hardenend or Veteran has easy you get hit is unrealistic.You can only take about 2 or 3 hits and if you get shot, you can't shoot back.So yeah I feel they did a poor job in the mechanics of the AI shooting.  -thumbs up- -thumbs down-Just like singleplayer the graphics have upgraded and they did an impressive job.It's allot of fun replaying the game online, love playing Sniper on Bog and such, but theirs a few complaints.Hoping it's just temp bugs, but I get disconnected allot randomly and it obviously makes me mad.And it feels like I need allot more hits then other people my weapon will need 4-5 hits and the enemy weapon just needs 2-3 hits even if it's the same weapon etc.Offcourse they had to leave in noobtube another mistake.If I use Sniper and I shoot the enemy mid rif which should just be a kill, but it's not if I don't use Stopping Power it's not a kill. And if the enemy has Juggernaut it aint a kill even if you do have Stopping Power.
absolute garbage, never buying another cod again, seems like they just let the cod series slowly die and take the last bit of money they can
Game is terrible , too much talk  I not want waching  "movie" . Safe yours money !!! . Strongly NOT RECOMMEND .
Ininite warfare is trash. Spent $80 to play modern warfare remastered and its a horrible port.
Can't really give a review besides the controller support is not working at all. i tried all give of my xbox one controllers and neither of them work with this game, but works on others.
the campaign is awsome but the customer support iâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥i can play the campaign with no problems but for some reason i cant play zombie or multiplayer and i dont know why. when i start the zombie game or multiplayer game it simply freezes. and i cant talk to the f***king support because they are always offline!!!
For the first time i have found a thorougly enjoyable game in a long time, for about 5 minutes...then you getâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥on by wallsliding people and instanly get killed in one shot while your "aim down the sights" on your sniper rifle takes like 2 seconds. this is a complete and utter waste of my money. there are almost no people online so matchmaking put me in a 1v6 domination on my FIRST GAME. then for cod4 remastered, which is not the same at all, u get killed alot faster (bullet wise) so its not really a remaster is it then?please refrain from buying this utter piece ofâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥game.cod is dead.
Dont bother buying this game unless you only want to play the campaign, the multiplayer is riddled with hackers, 9/10 games you will find an aimbotter, i would say just wait for acvitvision to do something but its been like this since release and still nothing has been done about it, no anti-cheat no VAC so dont bother wasting your money to be sprayed down as soon as you spawn, this goes for both infinite warfare and modern warfare remaster
TLDR: Single player: It's good, story is nice Ethan is bay. Zombies: love this more more than anything else in this game.Multiplayer: It's cod, with jumping hax and there is no one playing it (on PC at least).Problems: Price is too damn high, there is a lot of bugs and poor optimization (again only on PC), and you can't mod it >_>. Longer:This game is solid and would be a fine buy from me if not for a few factors.1. Price: This is not a finnished PC game for 60 bucks and there is still a massive amount of bug fixing and optimizatyion that needs to go into it (gtx 770 on my rig btw).2. Multiplayer: It gets old so fast, leveling up is rewarding because you get things unlocked but after playing nothing but TDM because the comunity is so abismally small on PC is just sad.3. WTF activision: Let us the mod the game godamnit, the game is already boring enough without updating it once every... what 3 months?4. Lastly, the game does not even run on some AMD cards that are rated at above the minimum requirements. For example, I got this game for my partner so we could kickâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥in zombies but aperently the game does not run on a r9 380 (rated above the min spec card). Conclution: Get tittan fall 2. I know it has to be bought on an inferior platform, but the game has the same movement system as this game with a much more open map to help, it runs on the source engine and is made with the PC comunity in mind, unlike this game. AND THAT GAME HAS â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ING GIANT ROBOTS WITH SWORDS.
Campaign 2\10Multiplayer 5\10Optimization 6\10Textures 2013NO STEAM TRADING CARDS IN 2016!
Campaign 2\10Multiplayer 5\10Optimization 6\10Textures 2013NO STEAM TRADING CARDS IN 2016!
The grouping system is so underdeveloped there is no way to track group leader, number of players joined or any intuitive way to even out sides to get a game started, so forget playing with your friends unless you happen to end up on the same server (and the same side) by accident.  Cheats are already out there, and developers don't seem to care one bit, so be ready to log off disgusted after some tool in his mom's basement goes 118/9 with a sniper rifle.
Campaign: So-soMultiplayer: Community is almost non-existent after only a few days..Side note: I really wish that first person shooters would stop doing the whole thing where - when you get shot, someone smears vaseline all over your screen for a few seconds!Buy it for the campaign, if anything. The mp community will be completely dead in a couple more weeks at most.
Just, only just on the positive side of indifference on this game... it's really really short, and you can't really play the game in your own style; like most other reviews say: you have to take cover an poke your head out at the right times; it's a little repetitive and boring that way. There are melees but you'll never get to use them; Robots can grab you by the face and you press melee to fight them.. but everyone else is still shooting at you while you struggle.. even if you get loose you're dead.. You know what, don't recommend :P
It s a "ok single-player game  if you like battlestar galactica its got it down .the maps are ok but not a classic .as for online mult-player Sucks . I cant get into a match you'll  finding a match only to get almost a number of player and have one or two drop out starting the BS over and over till you jest say FU and give up .is the game worth the $59.99 to me "NO! I know if i hade a ISP that maybe give me more thin 5 megs to play i may get into a game but i dont have that option .
UNPLAYABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Riddled with bugs. Will be asking for a refund
I want my 80 dollars back
Despite how much I enjoy the Call of Duty games' formula throughout the years, I finally might feel the fatigue from Infinite Warfare.  While the 3 developer cycle seemed a good idea at first, it quickly became stale, considering all three developers are just trying to make the same game better than the other developers (Futuristic, 3D movement based games).  I might as well get out of the way the two things I do like, the Campaign and Zombies.  The campaign is actually well done, due to the developers from Naughty Dog directing the story, and its a great story of what it means to be a leader (I actually cried in the credits, something I've never done in a COD campaign).  Zombies is actually my favorite zombies segment of the past three games, being a simple and really fun zombie shoot em up, unlike Black Ops 3's super cramped default zombie map that relied wayy to much on easter eggs rather than just surviving.Performance wise, it runs exactly like Black Ops 3 for me, which may be good or bad depending on your experience with Black Ops 3. (Ultra i5-4690k GTX 970 at about 62-75 FPS). There is a 91 FPS lock though, which might not be good for those with 144hz monitors.Now, onto the multiplayer...While I believe the weapon balance is for the most part, great, the skill gap compression in COD games has become worse and worse every COD game.  Gone are the days of controlling chokepoints and gunfights being won with mostly skill, and in with an absurdity of random ways to die, even for a COD game...Getting a KDR above a 1.50 becomes impossible, due to the insanely low TTK (you can literally die after seeing an enemy for a tenth of a second), and the randomness from specialist abilities, returning from Black Ops 3.  Because little Jimmy has trouble getting the superdank9999killstreak, Infinity Ward gave a recharging killstreak basically, think of Overwatch/Dota's ults.  As a result, gun skill may win some fights, but these new factors are so random that you'll become very familiar with dying immediately after getting a kill...Finally, the insane lag compensation benefits those with high ping, even more so than every COD in the past.  By playing with an Australian VPN, my 500 ping was able to finally get above that 1.50 KDR, being able to kill people in gunfights before they even see me.TL;DR: From someone who used to love all 3 generations of COD, get Titanfall 2 instead, and Modern Warfare Remastered isn't worth it despite how fun it initially was, a part of it is because its almost dead on PC already.Edit 1: Battle(non)sense's new video confirms bad hit detection, servers run at 10 tick, with a built in 100 ms lag
Not the best, difficult to tell friend from foe, this futuristic crap needs to go....
LAME AS ♥♥♥♥COD 4 RUNS BETTER OG STATuS
Don't this game. it's a waste of time, you'll spend most of your time searching for games and the game as a whole just feels unfinished
I can only reccomend both MWR and IW if you like to buy games just to have them sit in your library, because NEITHER of them work, tried to refund when I was just a little over two hours but got denied. Now I'm stuck with a game that cant get past the loading screen and a game that "closes the lobby" before the match even starts, best purchase of my life.
No wonder they forced me to buy this piece of cr*p to get MW. Infinite warfare multiplayer is garbage. Terrible sound design, art direction and even worse maps. So disapointed. Clunky movement, it's like titanfall while robo-tripping, but not that fun.Never again, I'm done with cod.
I tried... I really tried... some times the game played like it should and I had fun... But I would say over half the time it stutters and skips.. I think i am getting killed in one shot but when I watch the kill cam I am sitting there staring blankly as the dude pumps 3-6 bullets into me. I try wall running and hit a lag bomb and fall to my death. When I complaine the people going 30-1 say I am just a bad player... But can go 20-3 in BF One on Ultra and feel like I was treated fairly. I want a refund.. but have played too long... Don't make the same mistake... it does not get better... Get BF1 if you are into FPS's...My guess is cheats for this game are cheap and no one is going to police it... so if that's your thing get this game.Dec 8, 2016... Just tried to play again after the latest update. Still laggy and the netcode is still crappy. Not worth $9.99 let alone the amount they are still charging. For God's sake DO NOT BUY the season pass!!!! People claim there are a lot of cheaters but it's hard to tell because the lag and jumping around.
Personally speaking, this is THE purchase I would regret for the rest of the yearRidiculous campain-In this campain, the total number of ships in earth fleet is about 20 while the mar union has hundreds-The Olympia Mountain can instantly eliminate 8 ships with ease. Yet with this technology, the maraian choose to hack the earth's AATIS defense-The main canon of OM does not match its size, that's the canon for an AA ship.-An earth fleet carrier could only hold two fighters and two transporters-The large ships are just glass canons, even two or three fighters can eliminate a carrier. If I were the authorities I would build carrier only. This is also an explanation why the marians need to destory AATIS-The fighther has the most advanced auto-lock system, yet no long-range radar to indicate the position of enemies. -Missiles are useless-You have to take off and land on carrier again and again-Side missions? Come'n this is not a sand-box game-You have new equipment unlocked, please check in the armory. WHAT?-You never lose the battle, but always lose the war when in story-line missions-Actually this game only has 5 story-line missions with 10+ side missions-When hunting agent Riya, you have to catch him and watch him destroying AATIS instead of killing him on the run.-When finally get the  OM, what Rayen did is to jump to Mar, destroy less a dozen ships and a shipyard, forcing almost everyone of his crew to die on a suicide mission. Most of the time, Rayen's fellows are just too reluctant to die.Zombie Mode-The game should receive better marks if it's titled Call of Duty - Spaceland-I don't want to waste time watching a dozen of walkthroughs online.-Easter egg is not a mission to accomplishGraphical IssuesThe game is quite laggy in full graphical setting while my GPU usage under that setting never exceeds 20%Overall-It's even worse than CODOL in China-I feel sorry because instead of supporting those real good games I supported you guys, for a d*** 80 dollars-1/10, no more
Unbalanced Game, Weapons sucks. Random spawning without any logic. Cheaters and Hackers from the start - what else is there to say - I regret that I bought this stupid game.
this game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥and i want a refund.
One more wall-jumping, lazers-shooting, quake'ish vanilla crap! As long, as they don't return to Modern Warfare roots, with real-world weapons and normal physics - I won't spend anymore money on another COD game.
Call of Duty is usually THE♥♥♥♥♥♥  This is just♥♥♥♥♥♥
Only bought this for the zombies and the remastered modern warfare (IMO, cod multiplayer started dying after Black Ops 1). Hopefully they will eventually sell modern warfare on it's own though since that seems to be why the only only people actually able to play this game buy it (M for mature yet you'll find a lot of younger players here, especially on consoles).
NO ANTI-CHEAT
Game doesn't work even when all specs are met. They have a flaw in the programming, need to fix some code with DirectX, mostly dealing with version 12. I do not recommend, Devs and CEOs "Oversold" with ads and marketing the paperweight, worthless POS game, if one could call it that. Will no longer be trying or purchasing anymore thru this game Company or it Publisher or any of the affore mentioned related.
What kind of crap is this :( the one thing I always loved about CoD is the feeling of movement but this bs has some movement delay issues that made me shut down the game minutes into it and since I have not played more I can only assume that the 80GB is full of stupid cutscenes and if so here is some free tips STOP making games and go for animated movies instead because I'm looking for a game not an interactive movie.
maskhare ip ro ghofl karde ue ham nmeshe bazi kard
Epic
Game itself is good as intractive movie. Not like FPS.Story - most dumbiest storyline ever in the COD line. Story about how looser step by step, loosing his crew, ship, everyting, and then dying. I'm not recommending this game for $50, only for 5-10. There is no brain or talent behind this game. And it's short.
Pro:- Nice graphics- More or less, free mission choice (including side-missions)- Better story than in previous Cod's- Nice "new" aircraft feature Con:- Same linear Level-Design as always- Short story- Even on "Veteran" no big ChallengePro:-"New" maps, levels, weapons- crafting your own weapons (even if this is not a big game changer)Con:- FPS-lock at 90 - Bad movement-system- No big changes to BO3/AW- No well balanced weapons- No Server-Browser (yeah, ok it has been removed a long time ago from CoD, but it is a con anyways.)(first up, this is the only mode that actually makes a whole lot of fun if you are playing with your friends or even strangers, thats why I played it most of the time I spend in this game.)Pro:- Very creative designed- Nice Easter-Eggs- Good Map (Zombies in Spaceland)- Nice Backstory - David Hasselhoff (he is OP!)- Easy to reach high rounds even solo- New features Con:- Only one Map (without Season-Pass)- No big improvements (maybe that's good..?)_________________________________Infinity Ward tried to rescue a game that was already hated even before they released it and they did their job not that bad.Of course there are still performance problems, there are still Supply-Drops (this time with even more P2W) and many other issues.But you get MWR with it (even if we all played it at least once...), they did a good job with the Zombies.I defenitley can't recommend IW+MWR for a price of 79,99â‚¬/$, if you are a real fan of future settings, there are other games that make their job way better. The zombie mode is the only real good thing in this game (the Multiplayer is ok as well...), but for the full price it's not worth it.(Sorry for my english, I'm from Germany/Poland, but I just thought everyone can read english and maybe it helps ^^)
One big chaos just runing in circle. Random spawns, very small rooms. This game is terrible you dont need skill to play this game.All maps are super claustrophobic like nuke town in BO3
Call of Duty has been a game I used to love so much. I played Mw, WaW, Mw2, Mw3, Bo, Bo2, Ghost and advanced warfare. Each and I mean all of the Call of Duties I have listed have been playable and enjoyable. All listed. Well Infinite Warfare is not. If you expect a great "Multiplayer" part you are wrong! This Multiplayer is dead... You waste more time on finding a new match rather than playing this game. Additionally the connection is so bad, it makes the situation even worse as this game already had big connectivity issues a few days after launch (nobody could play... like really?!)That's enough about the internet part. Let's go into gameplay. If you expect high skilled CoD style fights you are totally wrong. This has nothing to do with skill... Everyone is just flying and sliding and spraying out of the hip like there is no aiming down the sights... Where is the skill gone? It probably stayed along with the "cool" quickscope kiddies in CoD Mw1/2/3And if you expect some versatility in the guns :You get a whopping amount of 5 assault rifles!!! GAME BREAKING!!! >>>NOT<<< There are literally only 5 assault rifles you can choose from... Probably the biggest garbage I've ever seen. So if you want to press a few buttons and feel like those asian gamers spamming their keyboard as quickly as possible while just clicking on your mouse, you're welcome to buy it.Though if you are like me and expect one of those old day Call of Dutys (I didn't expect the whole old style, I was aware of the new changes) where skill mattered, timing was important and positioning the A and O you are wrong.Instead you are going to see a lagging piece of **** with just 5 assault rifles to choose from and SMG spammers since this is spray'n'pray anways!"Enjoy!"
bo3 has more players and it 10 times better.
so i pre ordered this and expected the game to be ready bug free on launch ... well they did have a beta ..i cannot play this game due to the crashing and just random freezing on menue screens and ingame . i have an i5 4960k gtx 970 and 16 gigs ripjaws ram ... till this issue is sorted i will not recomend this game to others!!
If you're buying infinite warfare for the multiplayer I recommend xbox avatar laser wars pretty much the same thing.
If I were you, I would wait a month or two, I personally play on PC, not console and Activisions servers are well... crap..  you will end up waiting an hour to get into a lobby on Modern Warfare Remastered, Infinite Warfare however, you will find a match quickly.As for IW's campaign, it was alright it started to get repetitive half way through, but thats okay.Space combat was amazing.So pretty much, your paying $80 USD + (If you want MWR) to get 2 campaigns and 2 potatoes (Multiplayer)..Wait a while for Activision to fix their kinks.Also if I were you don't post any videos on Youtube, Activision is money hungry and will copyright your videos within a minute of you publishing them, even if you post commentary or not.
Put a few hours into and skipped last too iterations – SP only observations.Pros:- Michael Bay eye candy with loud noise and visuals.- Surprised space combat is more or less free form.Cons:- Shooter on rails and definitely console design.- On the previous con….hammering keys to advance.- Boring weapons with same feel or damage.- NPC’s shoot as well as storm troopers.- NPC’s often block passage causing death.- Very outdated graphics for 2016 for 1080TI with I7. Looks like same game engine.- Doesn't feel much like much changed since I played COD 2.Summary.- Entertaining for a bit but will never replay and would be worth $9 but certainly not for $59.- Will uninstall after SP.
UPDATE 2:Still bitter from buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'd rate it down twice if I could. Every time someone says infinite warfare I leave the room. Not that anyone remembers this gameUPDATE: PATCH RUINED MULTIPLAYER, CONNECTION IS POOR AND UNSTABLE, P2P SYSTEM (NO DED SERVERS). HACKERS DO AS THEY PLEASE AND KEEP WASTING MY MONEY. DEAD COMMUNITY, NO POPULATION.-------------------------Game launch review:I can definitely recommend this game for its campaign+Well written+Good structure+excellent progression system+well-paced with a few breathers+good amount of stealth missions+defined characters+action packed with enough freedom (for a linear shooter)+adequate length with lots of replayability value-space battles can get a little repetitive-ace card system doesn't lead up to any reward or outcome-some weapons are pretty useless-Enemy variety is ultimately aestheticThe multiplayer is bland and the same of old stuff with a ridiculously low time-to-kill and unfortunately very low pop. Would love to play game modes other than TDM. Terrible port forwarding.Overall, I can still recommend it for its unforgettable campaign and a solid experience with an interesting zombies mode and a multiplayer that will at least have you play a couple of weeks.
Both CoD:IW and CoD:MW remastered is a piece of . Another attempt to get some money. Thanks god return works.
First I would like to say my opinion regarding Infinity Warfare.Campaing: pretty much great, longer than the previous ones, much better than bo3 one if we can even consider that campaign to be a story at all. But seriously one of the best campaigns in cod history really well connected with lots of memorable characters which cod was lacking in last few years, emotional. I will give it a rating 9.3/10.Zombies I still haven't played so can't rate them but I think they are really fun from what I have seen.Multiplayer of IW I still haven't played but I think I will like it because from watching other replays I can draw a line with bo3's multiplayer which was really solid IMO. Can't rate mp for now.Now the game I was slightly more excited about, Modern Warfare Remastered.God was this game a failure for PC, really terrible port, the main reason I would not recommend this game to be bought at least 80 euro edition or higher, for now at least.Single Player was exactly what I expected it to be from when I played it back in the day, I remembered every small thing in detail, I got all intel from first run, also got all achievements, veteran easily beaten except you know what mission :) I needed 3h for that one (Mile high club)  I think they made it slightly harder, enemies are stronger I think.Flaws of SP, some fps drops I noticed while playing on some missions, nothing major but should be looked after non the less, also one thing I found most annoying while playing was the lack of OPEN CONSOLE.I want to have fun, to fly around the map with noclip and to explore everything, I can't do that now. So if the developers of MWR pc read this, please implement open console as soon as possible.Now for the MULTIPLAYER part of MWR.This was one of the most dissapointing things that happend to me in my life.I was so excited about MP but...I downloaded game.I had finished mwr campaign first, then I have played IW campaign the next few days. Then I went into MP of MWR.Was that an dream crushing scenario.I tried to go into game. I managed to load from first couple of tries. Then the real dissapointment occured. FPS was terrible, a lot of drops espetially during first minute or so, constant small lags (unreal dying around the corner etc.), fixed FPS to 91 I think, FOV too small I think maximum is 80.All these problems I can deal with and I dealt with them somehow. BUT the most annoying problem which I have seen complained abut on many forums, is that over half of PC population has SYNCHRONISING GAME SETTINGS or as they said it INFINITE LOADING TIME. This is sad, at first I was managing to join every third game in average but yesterday and today I tried over 20 times and I couldn't have joined a single game because of the SGS.All in all cod MWR:Campaign 9/10Multiplayer 2.6/10 (because of problems it has otherwise it would be 7.7/10).RECOMMENDATION:I would recommend for an average PC user to buy just regular 60 euro edition because as to this point MWR isn't worth the money becuase of its many problems.I spent 100 euros on this game because I thought that I would be able to enjoy both IW and MWR.But, now this is the last time I have spent this much money on cod game or any money at all becuase It wasn't worth itmainly becuase poorly done MWR in general espetially MP.I would suggest to all PC users, not to buy future remasters, if it will be any in future which is most likely, because for me it was 20 euros wasted (other 20 for dlcs is I think well spent) mainly because they, form my perspective of thinking, abandoned pc community almost completely, espetially the side studios.Sorry for the long post. I hope someone found this constructive.
Childrens Online Daycare Infinite Welfare™Only bought it for the remastered edition witch turned out to be trash.... would have refunded it was possible (played over 2.0 hrs.)... gg.
COD Multiplayer is the worst thing you can have at the moment in the world of gaming.Filled with kids and cheaters of all kinds, silly, shoot shoot jump jump, and the worst toxic comunity.And remember: it doesnt have a single anticheat.Call it "game"is a difficult thing for me.Multiplayer part is pure digital DUSTBINS.The only decent thing is the single player campaign (yeah, is on space, but this time, anyway, is really really good, in all aspects. It deserve to be played) and zombies, really cool mode, greatly challenging and amazing played with friends.Besides, they started with a BETA: no leaderboards, a sort of statistics, cr@p maps, full of bugs and missing options.And to make matters worse, it sold both steam and Wstore WITHOUT being multiplatform, so players are divided and can not play together.The database, therefore, is destined to die early, already today the numbers are ridiculous, sometimes BO3 has more people of IW.As for me, I just have to wait for the next Treyarch cod, hoping that finally return to basics with lifelike weapons, larger decent maps, and especially without ridicolous jumps, walls run, jetpack and all this cr@p that make it ridiculed for years.5.9/10
COD Multiplayer is the worst thing you can have at the moment in the world of gaming.Filled with kids and cheaters of all kinds, silly, shoot shoot jump jump, and the worst toxic comunity.And remember: it doesnt have a single anticheat.Call it "game"is a difficult thing for me.Multiplayer part is pure digital DUSTBINS.The only decent thing is the single player campaign (yeah, is on space, but this time, anyway, is really really good, in all aspects. It deserve to be played) and zombies, really cool mode, greatly challenging and amazing played with friends.Besides, they started with a BETA: no leaderboards, a sort of statistics, cr@p maps, full of bugs and missing options.And to make matters worse, it sold both steam and Wstore WITHOUT being multiplatform, so players are divided and can not play together.The database, therefore, is destined to die early, already today the numbers are ridiculous, sometimes BO3 has more people of IW.As for me, I just have to wait for the next Treyarch cod, hoping that finally return to basics with lifelike weapons, larger decent maps, and especially without ridicolous jumps, walls run, jetpack and all this cr@p that make it ridiculed for years.5.9/10
Well........where to start I heard that the game was garbage but i said hop bad can it be ooo boy from the start everything.Gun blance haha there is no gun blance,hackers at every turn,now the biggest thing im facing is i cant even get thourgh a match with out the game freezing and I run a beast computer would not buy this game not untill there are a few patches doone but pc patchs where the hell they at THIS GAME SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ok im back i have played almost to my 2nd prestige and its has now been flooded with hackers this game showed improvement with the updates but now its pure♥♥♥♥♥♥and i mean♥♥♥♥♥♥i have wasted my money on a game that a company dosent care about anything but the money soooooo buyer beware
Absouloutly Terrible, the mulitplayer is unplayable I have only been able to play a few minutes because it is so broken, so I thought id give a good old game of zombies a go, but no, they have managed to even ruin zombies, good thing I have modern warfare remaster and only payed £35 for it all
Can i have duh refund pleasedis game duh gay.i dont likei give it 1 out of 9, its so bad
How come COD keeps getting worse. Only gone down hill from COD MW2.
Infinite Warfare:A unfinished game that developer just want to release it as soon as possible to grab your money. Infinite Warfare don't even have VAC at this time, who going to release a multiplayer without Anti-Cheat System?Modern Warfare Remastered:Performance issues - Frame rate issues and stutteringLong load times + lost connectionCorrupted saves Campaign progressNot optimizing power distribution with SLI or Crossfire at this moment.Maybe they are a good game after they fix everything, but is not worth for your money at this time.
my first COD game that i will play MULTIPLAYER but after installed and im so excited to play its says NAT TYPE STRICT i cant ♥♥♥♥ing play, whats up with COD DEVS to put a♥♥♥♥♥♥like that? ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ i cant play the game
Don't buy it, it's the most botched COD release ever.  As of writing this, the total worldwide population online is 2,800.   Just don't buy it.  They don't deserve your money, and the developers have already abandoned the game.  I'd love a refund, but they won't do it.  Hackers that don't get banned, bugs galore, and a dead player base on release.
this game inspired me to play other games mehh/10
Terrible game...you can't earn keys if your name is too long, really...
Worst COD ever
Even overlooking the fact that its very difficult to hear footsteps in order to pinpoint the enemy's location, making my headphones + amp useless; even overlooking that since the player base has been reduced to joke levels, making joining different lobbies impossible (you will 90% of the time be paired with the same lobby you just left, over and over again); even overlooking that the game is indeed FUN TO PLAY ........... I cant recommend this game to anyone. Why do you ask?The cheaters. The devs didnt implement an anticheat measure or system in order to deal with hacker wannabes that use aimbot blatantly and without the need to hide it. As of now, the game is a cheater paradise without banning of any kind. They just ruined the game for me. One that I pay $60 to play multiplayer exclusively. I understand if the devs dont support anticheats in call of duty modern warfare 1 or black ops 1 simply because the games are old and not many people play them. But to just release a new game and dont care about the experience one can have when playing online against cheaters, is just a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥slap in your face by activision and infinity ward. Black ops 3 was great after many patches, and the devs were always on the lookout for cheaters and encouraging other players to do the same. This will probably be my last COD I will buy ever. I feel scammed.
Multiplayer does not work for remastered.
waste of money
sucks no updates
Multiplayer is terrible, campaign is mediocre, the only redeeming quality about this game is that it's zombie mode is pretty decent. Def not worth 60$Modern Warfare Remastered is great besides that the single player does not have a FOV slider, only con about it is that you have to buy Infinite Warfare with it.
This game is terrible. They could care less about the PC players. There aren't even that many guns to choose from. It's mostly the NV4 which you have to pick if you want to even come close to winning a game. It gets pretty boring using the same weapon over and over again and if you choose something different, someone with the NV4 will melt you. It's just not that fun. The maps are small and hard to navigate, but at the same time it feels too easy sometimes. The rigs aren't that great though either. This is like a downgrade of black ops 3. I tried to refund even though I had 13 hours but sadly Steam wouldn't let me. 2 hours isn't enough time to judge if you like a game or not. I'd say 100$ completely wasted and I'll be uninstalling it shortly after this review.
Activision still capping multiplayer at 90fps after all these years.It's 2016 guys, get with the program.
MODERN WARFARE REMASTER MP: (That weird space game i needed to install for reviewing this MW-remaster)GAMEPLAY: Smoothness totally gone. Doesn't feel the same any more. They changed some button configuration (for me).SOUND: ... they needed to touch it..GRAPHICS: GTX1080 bad FPS in the MP, original Cod4 has even better graphics at FULL HD.."Activision": They use our good CoD4 feelings to pay extra for this remake.Oh and thank you Steam support for not paying me my money back. (14 days is a lie)Over 2 hours i was busy configurating the Graphic settings..
Pros: I like the new implementation of the specialist. Not quite as op as bo3.Cons:Got boring really fastvery very fast paced and unpredictablenot that fun of scorestreakshorrid animaitonspoor pc optimizaitions including frame capsmall player base even at launchI do not recomend this game at full price, wait til at least half price.
I would like to say this game is good, it has a lot of high points, but its the same♥♥♥♥♥♥in space. most of all, it fails with poor respawn placement during the campaign on max difficulty, leaving you to respawn in front of a firing squad of 15 troops over and over again until you randomly get out, even if thats not how you died. the weapon customization system tries to create a bunch of hybrid weapons that look innovative but in reality are just a swap between a SMG and a rifle, its nothing new. The story is great, I love the acting and the chapters, but the gameplay is 2004, its up to you to buy this or not. BF1 was great for 6 hours, the campaign was severly lacking, this campaign has a lot more put into it, and it is enjoyable to play, but I have to give it a thumbs down for expecations from the studio, its a cheap ploy and im more so looking forward to playing the MW remastered campaign.
It has some cool visual elements in it but not enough to make this worth the $59.99 price tag. For a game that is set in space it actually feels very claustrophobic. The levels are more like elaborate set designs as opposed to actually being as open as it might suggest.Zombies is a lot of fun but without local multiplayer on PC it kind of ruins it for me a little bit. It's available on ps4 and xbox but not on pc which doesn't make sense to me
Why do I evem bother with this series, I should have stopped after ghosts. I r8 a solid 0/10, pls extend refund period to 11 hours.Mwr is legit even worse (how that is even possible, lel), would not even play it if I got payed.
(Sigh) While I don't approve the overwhelming hate, I myself was disapointed (I tried to make the best from it, being on the defensive but I just can't anymore). While the campaign isn't that bad, it's could've been a lot better (side missions were added which provide you equipment upgrades, also 2 new difficulty modes). The story is boring tough and you can't really bond with the characters (I personally liked Ethan, but it's irrelavant). What's really sad about SP is that there was so much potential in it, and they still blew it.Multiplayer isn't that different from BOIII (just about the same), supply drops are still present, altough now you can earn salvage to get the different weapon variations, but it's really slow, and earn keys for the drops which is just a bit faster than salvage. Nobody plays the anything other than the core gamemodes, not to mention not many people play the game at all.And now for the Zombies: don't even try, COOP is completly dead, even tough it might have been the only thing that I would've liked, as the little I could play public with the first map was probably what I could really enjoy in the whole game.It's a lot less serious than the previous zombies, which I actually like, along with the 80's and 90's style of the maps (I'm sorry, this is still a negative review, but I really like the nostaligic feel of the maps).Graphics are acceptable, tough still palstic (it's far away  from BF1 and others like that, but really isn't that bad).The soundtrack does have some nice tracks in it (and I do mean it).What is the most sacreligous thing about the whole thing, is the fact that the only way to get MWR, is to buy the Digital Legacy edition, and I'll tell you it's a remaster that would be actually worth playing (unlike Bioshock, graphics and sounds ARE remastered). But I'm really mad about that they added supply drops into it, and as far as I know map packs will/are sold separetely, unlike back in the day.FINAL VERDICT: PASS, stay away from it, just forget about this, even I regreted buying this overtime, and this comes from a guy who somewhat enjoyed Ghosts (not even Ghosts was this bad!)
Purchased this game largely for the remastered Modern Warfare. Game looks wonderful, but the main long term appeal of this series has always been multiplayer. The problem with this title is that no one is playing it. I reinstalled the original MW4 and was able to find dozens of full lobbies and had a great time with it. On this remaster I have to queue for ages to find a 4 person lobby. This isn't helped in the main game either where every game mode save TDM is empty, and even in TDM lobbies it's almost never full.
Purchased this game largely for the remastered Modern Warfare. Game looks wonderful, but the main long term appeal of this series has always been multiplayer. The problem with this title is that no one is playing it. I reinstalled the original MW4 and was able to find dozens of full lobbies and had a great time with it. On this remaster I have to queue for ages to find a 4 person lobby. This isn't helped in the main game either where every game mode save TDM is empty, and even in TDM lobbies it's almost never full.
Overall pretty disappointing game. The menus and nearly all 'extra' functionality and polish found in previous versions is missing from this one. It honestly feels like the menus are merely generic placeholders while they finish the real thing. Where is split-screen or theater mode? Where BO3 felt like a newly built shopping mall when you first walk in, this game feels like a flea market. So many things feel plain and unfinished. Single player goes from fun to boring and tedious with a sickening frequency. At least a dozen times I immediately went from finding some aspect of a mission to be fun or cool, straight into something that felt scripted and pointless to play. {SPOILERS} Life is depressing enough that I chose games as a hobby for something fun. Non-interesting characters generally have non-interesting deaths. If I don't care the entire time before they die, why would I find long cut scenes about their deaths interesting? Knowing that why would anyone include that in a game except to force a depressing ambience onto people playing their game? By the time the ending came I was far beyond wanting it to be over just for the sake of beating it. Then, for a final kick in the balls, I get to sit through a long, silent credits scene or chose to listen to messages from those non-interesting npc's to their non-interesting familes. Had they spent even a tiny amount of time developing these characters it would have been an epic story. Instead it feels like gaming by numbers. We need a level with lava, check. We need a funny sidekick to interject humor here and there, check. We need someone to die, check, check, check, check, check, check, check, check. That's right, eight major eulogies at the end unless you want to watch the credits scroll in silence?Zombies was fun and I love the setting. They did an excellent job making it feel like the eighties. Mini-games are ready to play in the arcade and I love that they added a 'self-revive' mini-game to help you get back into the battle. The one negative here is that you somehow get significantly more keys per hour played than you do in multiplayer. With such a small player base, incentivizing players to not play multiplayer just makes no sense at all. If you never play MP this is a huge positive. Once you spend any time in MP, though, it hits you just how wrong the rewards system is in this game. I'm level 45 in MP and level 9 in zombies and have gotten roughly five times the rewards for my progress in zombies as i I did in MP. That makes every reward I get in MP, (where I want to spend my time), feel like a complete waste in comparison. With everything in this game trying its best to get you to no longer want to play some part of it, the game quickly runs out of things you want to do. Even if you get past all of the personal taste type issues you still have a game that feels completely broken in most matches. To me, completely broken is where everyone, (including me and my 30D/7U connection), in the lobby shows full connection bars, my fps meter is showing my GTX 1070 pushing ~90 fps and yet every other encounter is between myself and an enemy that is glitching around untouchable. Today I had the game that prompted this review. With eight straight deaths without a single hit marker, I switch to an LMG and slowed down. Laying on the ground covering a hallway, I tested this with ten rounds into a player's back that only had one effect, he turned around and instantly killed me on my screen from 50m away. On my screen my crosshairs were on his back in the middle. From his perspective, (in the killcam), the bullets were hitting a wall ten feet from where he was standing. This let him spin around twice trying to locate me, bring up his gun and put 5 rounds into me. If this were a kickstarter by some college kids I would have been ok with the price tag along with such broken net code but I expect a hell of a lot more from such a long running, AAA franchise. I felt burned by Ghosts and passed on AW and it looks like I'm now down to only trusting Treyarch's entries. Sadly, those have gotten worse since BO1 so their next version might be my last.
Ok so this game dose not work at ALL.. The Campaign wont load, the multiplayer wont load, The game crashes automaticly after 5 minutes or so, The game Freezes if i change graphics or if i go back to main menu. I can't refund because i bought it from♥♥♥♥♥
Single player is dope.  It has a really cool story, some parts feel like bloody Star Wars with their space battles.Online was cool, fast paced, dying constantly if you stay still. The problem being, after the first couple days aint no one is playing this game now. It takes forever to find a match of TDM and when you do its generally a match which is just ended. Sure you can try to stay in the lobby but eventually you'll get some failed to migrate host message and its back to spending another 10 minutes to find a game which you'll join nearing its conclusion. I really can't reccomend this joint at full price if you're buying it for the multiplayer.
Call for Money: Recycled Warfare
It’s Call of Duty. That’s pretty much all that needs to be said, but as I’m not someone who writes one liner reviews for all the upvotes in the world, I’ll go into more detail. But, I’ll be honest: I bought the game simply for Modern Warfare Remastered. I had no interest in Infinite Warfare as a standalone game.As a Call of Duty game, it’s pretty standard. The difficulty comes from the bullet sponge enemies who can kill you quickly, but otherwise it’s impossible to do anything on your own. There are many moments where you’ll be told to kill one person and a teammate will kill the other. Your hand is held for the entire game. On your tenth Jackal takeoff, you’re still show how to launch, even though it’s only two button presses. The formula is tried, true, and excruciatingly boring now.The campaign is, for the most part, fantastic. The characters are likeable, and E3N has more humanity in his robotic body than the vast majority of characters in the CoD universe. The set pieces are terrific, and the various objectives are actually quite fun, despite having your hand held for the duration of the entire game. Reyes, Salter, Gator, Omar…every character is wonderfully acted, very believable, and very emotional. You may actually feel bad for the big bad soldiers.Interspersed throughout the campaign are side missions you can undertake. None of them are very long, nor overly difficult. The space fight missions, however, which put you in control of a Jackal, are just ridiculous. They have no place in the game, and as a space shooter, it’s extremely subpar. It controls well enough, but it’s just boring. It’s like Infinity Ward looked at all the space shooters over the years, decided what was the best component from all of them, then completely ignored all of them and did it their own way. If you don’t care about achievements, forego these side missions. You’ll get enough boring Jackal gameplay during the main missions anyway. I also wasn’t a fan of the zero G missions that have you fighting outside, but that could just be me.Graphically, as usual for a Call of Duty game, Infinite Warfare looks fantastic. If your machine can handle it, set everything to their max, and crank up the scaling to 200%, and you’ll be in for an amazing experience. Explosions, facial animations, gun animations, everything looks fantastic.The same goes for the sound. Voice acting, music, effects, bad guy chatter, everything is very well crafted and quite immerses you into the environment.Now, the part that most people buy a CoD game for, the multiplayer. I haven’t played much of the multiplayer, and I won’t, because it seems boring. It’s rehashed. There is very little difference between this and, say, Black Ops III. The biggest difference? New maps. That’s about it. The fact that Farming Simulator had (has?) more concurrent players than Infinite Warfare speaks volumes. I don’t know if it’s time to retire Call of Duty, convert it to a bi-annual release, or just get rid of Infinity Ward, but something needs to change. The bread and butter is boring, slow, and seems like it was just tacked on. I know very few people buy CoD for the campaign, but I think in this release, the campaign is heaps better than multiplayer.As for Spaceland, I have not played it all that much, and I likely won’t. I didn’t enjoy zombies in Black Ops III, and despite being a huge fan of everything 80s, I don’t think I’ll be playing much of it in this installment. If you’re looking for a review or more information on Spaceland, look elsewhere.I’m in a tough spot. I enjoyed the campaign, despite buying the game for Modern Warfare. And the centerpiece of any Call of Duty, the multiplayer, is boring and has little redeeming quality.As such, I’m going to have to go with a no, I do not recommend this game. If you are interested in the campaign, and it is a fun campaign, buy it when it’s on sale. Don’t wait for a big discount, as Activision is averse to any sort of major discounts, but get it when it’s slightly cheaper.If you’re looking for a fun multiplayer experience, stick with Black Ops III. Or try Battlefield 1, which has actually done something different.The Call of Duty series really needs to hit the drawing board, and Activision needs to do what Ubisoft has done with Assassin’s Creed, and stop releasing a new game every year, especially when there’s nothing really ‘new’ in those new games.
I love Call of Duty.  I love most FPS games, but CoD has always been special to me becaue Modern Warfare 2 is what got me really into competitive shooters.  I always hear the haters chant about how much the latest CoD sucks, blah blah, complains about it always being the same, blah blah, I don't care.  I enjoy them.  Hell, I reached Prestige 8 on Ghosts!  I actually enjoyed it!  It wasn't BlackOps2-level of greatness, but it was fun for what it was.  There is some really awful mistakes made in Infinite Warfare, and I don't see how they can be fixed through patching [plus this is PC version - they will never put that much effort into it].  I will start with the most heinous issue:  the maps.  These maps are terrible.  Hideous nonsensical messes.  It almost feels like they just put assets into an algorythm rather than actually put them together in a cohesive order.  There is no rhyme or reason to most of the maps.  It's just clutter, just obnoxious clutter.  And it's not just the fact that there is no aestheticly pleasing element to any of it, but the fact that it's literally just clutter.  Now let's move to the other equally severe issue: movement.  It's so clumsy.  BlackOps 3 had such quick and fluid movement.  That is not the case here.  Sure you can still do baseball slide, jet-jumps, and wall-running, but it feels so forced when you do them.  I don't mean in a 'you gotta do it!' kinda forced, but in a 'you're doing this cool special move through syrup' kind of forced.  It doesn't feel fluid is what I'm trying to say.  It brought back memories of Advanced Warfare - the only other CoD I really did not manage to get into no matter how hard I tried.  I've heard the campaign is great.  Didn't get to it because multiplayer is the bread and butter of CoD for me.  Got awfully close to that 2 hour mark trying to get a feel for it.  Maybe if I played for longer I'd manage to downgrade my muscle memory from BO3 to fit this clunky mess, but I just don't see the point.  Refunded.  :(
Why do we keep giving this game a chance? Year after year. Every "update" seems to address the wrong issues and makes the game worse than before.EDIT 11/28 - The hacks are here. Even LESS fun.
If you get the normal edition, there's no way of upgrading to Legacy - not even paying full price for it, Steam just says "you already own this game" during checkout. (Refund is out of the question when purchasing on a 3rd party store.) Activision support is exceedingly unhelpful as well, claiming Steam decides what's sold here.Game itself is a mediocre cover shooter with lots of big things exploding that frequently stutters on my machine. Get Titanfall 2 instead.
The good:- Campaign is visually stunning- The game definitely feels "different" from most COD entries- Guns are cool and feel satisfying to use with some diversity- Zombies is a fresh take on the somewhat stale secondary mode- Multiplayer feels good when there isn't lag or a hacker- Variants and crafting feel more rewarding than the approach in BO3- Camos are CLASS specific, not GUN specific if you get them from a supply drop- Advanced movement feels a bit better than BO3The bad:- Game doesn't run well on "lower end" hardware- 90fps multiplayer frame cap- Game crashes more than it should- Low player count on a recently launched title (I bought this on launch day so I could have a decent player base to play with)- Often laggy lobbies that can ruin games and get you "instamelted" COD Ghosts style- Feels unlike any other Call of Duty in many ways, for me this isn't great but for others this is fine- The ultimate abilities are mostly unavoidable one hit killsThe breakdown: I'm not a professional reviewer but I've been a long time Call of Duty fan on PC and console alike. I buy Call of Duty every year even if it's "bad" because I still enjoy it, but this is definitely a step in the wrong direction and I feel it could have been avoided. Everyone wants to go back to "boots on the ground" and I don't blame them. Having a new way to move is novel and sells copies to average Joe but to most it adds too much unpredictability to the game for players who are skilled and the ultimate abilities allow unskilled players to have way too much power. Then again, that's what keeps sales up.  TL;DR: Yes it's still Call of Duty, it's a PC port, expect issues even on your $4,000 dual Titan XP rig. Another year, another Call of Duty. The only reason to buy any version of this game is for Moder Warfare Remastered. The player base is low but there's still a lot to enjoy here if you're a COD fan.
Infinite warfare single player is OKInfinity warfare multiplayer i dont likeModern warfare remastered is a broken game and loading times are longer than match and allready full of cheaters. And 5 vs 1 no ballance at all i m very disapointed,Modern warfare remastered single player it s awesome THE BEST.
Runs Terribly on my i7 32gb sli 970 system.  Had random frame spikes/drops from launch night until recently when a patch came out.  after that patch, game runs at 17fps MAX.  changed all my graphics settings to low.  shut off SLI.  no difference.  Not to mention the fact that the best weapons are going to be behind a randomized paywall (read: GAMBLING).  I feel duped for even buying the game.  Never again.
Same as Black Ops III and maps are too small.
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare remastered,two more Call of Dutys that completely fail at optimization is constant lag spikes and inconsistent frame rate,also tottaly splitting the pc community with separting steam and windows store players.
Honestly the single player is good as ever, nonetheless the great new ideas of space fights and inter planet wars. But the multiplayer is a LIE! doesnt work for me at all, no games found in match making in both normal games and zombie mode. All it can do is play with bots and nothing else.If you are thinking of playing single player, maybe just wait for sale or other sources. IF you are thinking of multi player, skip this game and look somewhere else. CS:GO does much better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥match making multi player that doesnt work at all.Good luck all and happy shooting
Optimization is non-existent. Multiplayer balance is non-existent.Support is non-existant.Verdict: This game shouldn't exist. Pure garbage
Worst Game ever
after i played it a while it sucks SO HARD !!!!!!!
Kinda unplayable with no way to connect to online. refunded.
The only mode I can play is the Infinity MP.  The SP has "imagefile29.pak" error. Working on it. BUT also!  Very disappointed about the other errors.  This morning Modern Warfare Remastered is offline and yesterday I played only a few minutes. Online servers or hosts not accesseble. My NAT is moderate. Have to find out how to fix that. 80 euro's not well spend. Sniff.
This is the last Call of Duty i ever bought.The concept of this game is totally ruined and i gave them 1 last chance because of MWR.I cant deny i like playing the remastered version but its not what i hoped for.*While most games start using cross platform multiplayer, these games (IW MWR) decided to split up the small PC community.*Match hosting is again P2P so the connections are pretty often real bad.I would only recommend to buy MWR if it will be sold as a standalone game later on.
Few players! No one play with you! Bad network and server! Lagging! Cut off connection from host! Crash! Bad hardware optimization! Bad UI!
I bought this game because i'm an idiot.Don't be an idiot.
Tried to give IW the benefit of the doubt, there has been a lot of hate but a lot of it seems a bit bandwagon-ish. However, I cannot, in good faith, recommend this game.The multiplayer itself doesn't really innovate on anything from BO3, but that doesn't make it bad, per se. It's a polarizing style, you either enjoy it or you hate it, there is no real in between. If you didn't like BO3, you will not like IW. If you were like me and wanted a bit of a change of pace from BF1 and Titanfall 2, then it definitely scratches that itch.CHEATING IS RAMPANT IN MULTIPLAYER. I started filming the cheaters because I figured they would be few and far between, but in about 15-20 matches I had 4 seperate videos of 9 cheaters. IW does not use dedicated servers (I think this is what infuriates me the most), and they do not have any sort of anti-cheat system to check for modified code. To the point of no dedicated servers, expect every so often (~10 games or so) to get host migration messages (which almost always fail and kick everyone from the game). This also is what I believe a lot of people are talking about with "hit detection problems." I've noticed quite a few times that that while in quick moving fights my reticle would be on the enemy (at an appropriate distance) but would get no hitmarker and pretty quickly die. This isn't hit detection, this is latency problems (you think you hit them first but the "host" decided they hit you first). It's extremely frustrating to deal with, but I wouldn't blame hit detection for that because it seems pretty good. But long story short, for these reasons I wouldn't recommend the game -- based on the premise that a majority of people buy the game for it's multiplayer content. It's unfortunate, because contrary to popular opinion I was really enjoying the multiplayer. For a company that has so much money, to not bother with basic anti-cheating measures and dedicated servers that even indie games implement is really just unacceptable at this point.Zombies: They did a great job with this if it's your cup of tea. I haven't been a fan in any of the other versions but with this one it may have converted me. I enjoyed the systematic approach to achieveing all the objectives and easter eggs, and there are quite a lot of them. The map layout seems intimidating but it is easy to become familiar with. THAT BEING SAID, BE WARNED: It does have a fatal flaw that I absolutely can't stand, and will probably keep me from playing it regularly. There is no actual "click here to search for a game" button. By sitting in the "public game" lobby, you are automatically queued for a game. This allows people to farm "keys" (the currency for purchasing supply drops from the quartermaster) by simply staying AFK. There is no inactive kicking system like in multiplayer. And the last part, while it's great if you're playing with your friends or others, every new scene revives these AFK'ers (which leads to screwing up zombie/brute aggro, etc.). It's a very easy fix for Infinity Ward, and while I highly doubt this is what they intended when implementing auto-queuing, I do not have enough faith in them to actually fix it. However, I hope they prove me wrong.Haven't played too much of the campaign, but it is very cinematic with a usual CoD premise (bad guy decides to end the world, you have to save it). If you enjoyed the BO3 campaign, I think this is a huge improvement to it with the space vehicle combat and upgrades for your ship, side missions, etc.
I love the Call of duty franchise, but this game is a whole 'nother story. I HATE IT. Its really not good and it shows. Major thing for me is that there seems to be very overpowered guns in supply drops. Its all about money now for the creators and not about producing a good balanced game. I only bought it to get MW remastered. All I have to say is that they need to pull up their socks and make a good game or they might loose a big chunk of their fan base.
Multiplayer cannot find any matches to join and i have this for 3days now... and the support group for this game is not even active to answer question on how to fix it.. i just wasted my money =(
Get it on console, itll be more fun.
It is still a hopper's game, which competes on the players' net speed or if he/she have the boosting patch installed.
if your not buying it for zombies do yourself a favor and dont buy it multiplayer is actual aids
Sound wouldnt work for me. tried everything and even Activision doesnt see it as a problem. ive seen so many with high end PC's like mine not run this game such a shame that Activision has fallen so far.....its a definite no buy!!!!!
runs like♥♥♥♥♥
I do not recommend this game for online play. This game is not even a month old and it's already full of hackers!!
Absolutely the worst call of duty to date. COD has gone down hill so hard. Recycled and uninspired and now with tons of technical control glitches.
To be honest the most I've played of this game is zombies in spaceland it's pretty fun and I look foword to more zombies maps. The campaign is . . . meh and a little out there for my taste. Multiplayer is non existent from what I can see. MW Remastered was an interesting add-on.
Not even as good as BO3. Maybe next time?
It's a year from now since it is on Steam and they did not have the motivation to fix the sound of it... Do I recommend this game? - No. Thumbs down.It really could be a better CoD... And I liked a lot of it, like the gameart and the character-design, but it is ruined by the fact, that the sound of IW does not work right.This review was edited.
I don't like this game. A lot of things are missing, too much space theme and futuristic things. It is not well optimized for PC, every 10 seconds or so you will get FPS drops. I don't recommend this game simply because of the many bugs/glitches in this game and for the loads of things which are missing which should of already been here when the game released. As an example, the leaderboards, K/D ratio's etc..
Multiplayer is pretty much garbage. B03/BF1/BF4 are better.
CALL OF DUTY - Infinite IssuesWhy the game sucks:1) It gets very boring very quickly because of the lack of human expression. All the characters are just robot clad packs with types of helmets. 2) There was no development done in terms of urban  terrain. Here they had Infinite possibilities to create a spectacular outdoor terrain, caves, geysers, clouds by pretending to have an atmosphere that is similar to the Earth's which is breathable. So what do we get? Boring unimaginative dungeon like designs inside boring space stations. Variation is what makes a game good and this game has:     * 0% variation between open air and enclosed spaces.     * 0% variation between light and dark.     * 0% variation in the distances in which players engage each other on.     * 0% expression on characters faces.3) Instead of boots on the ground the characters and weapons have the look and feel of comic book characters! Seriously guys could you not come up with something better? Whoever is the overall person in charge of the project should really consider some of the reasons BO2 is still so popular after so many years, literally years, of playing and incorporate those key design principles into IW.SUGGESTION:Bring out some DLC along the following lines:A) The war has moved to some exo planets which have a similar atmosphere to Earth so characters can dump their space suits and helmets so we can emotionally associate and bond with the characters in an immersive experience.B) Design possibilities are endless in terms s of a fresh boots on the ground experience, new fauna, flora, gravity, weather, day night cycles, caves, water, bush. C) Have the super distance travel machine that sends in the troops go naked because of some glitch with any extra matter becoming untangled into the subject when the molecules are reassembled. This gives design a reason to equip the troops only with weapons that are very similar to ballistic weapons that we love from BO2.D) Fix the In Game search engine so that players can see how many people are in a lobby they would like to join. The core idea of multiplayer is to find other players and play a game together and for some strange reason this feature is not available in IW. ( A major design omission which needs to be corrected)E) Bring some of the multiplayer matches back to Earth and make us fight some of the elements here as normal spec op soldiers. ( I have bought the digital deluxe version of this game but I am so disappointed that I will never ever pre order anything from COD again unless the developers do something drastic to turn this title around.IW have infinite possibilities that can be corrected with dlc but until then it's a weak member of a otherwise very strong franchise that has had its image hurt by not sticking to key principles that ma!es COD one of the best game developers in the world.Come on COD, save this title from Infinite Infamy, please!REQUEST: Please like this review if you want DLC changes that dumps space suits but keeps the space theme.
Refunded after 1 hour of game time, spewed a little.
The single player is amazing, the rest is garbage.Just, don't buy it.
JUST ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, Dont play it ever again
♥♥♥♥
Campaign 8.1/10Solid gameplay + wild A E S T H E T I C S. Story is very lacking, as you would expect in a Call of Duty campaign, but weapons, character models, and the jackel system was awesome! Multiplayer 7/10 Not a huge fan of always having to aim straight into the air or wipping around to try and shoot a rat(player) sliding on the ground. Just your sub-par cod multiplayer. Very fast paced.Zombies 8/10For sure not as good as Black Ops Zombies but is still a fun thing to pass the time with friends. Has a in-depth easter egg that you can earn many "wonder" weapons, summon a boss, and play mini arcade games in the game. loads of content.At the end of the day its just a damn cod game, but this one is very very fast paced. Not worth the $80 for cod remastered, very buggy still.
Infinite Warfare:Not fan of the newest call of dutys but the zombies were really funModern Warfare Remastered:+ Graphics+ While creating class you can enter to Target practise and test your classes+ Prestiges (20 of em!)- When you aim you can't SEE because the weapon takes so much space in the screen, please make the weapon smaller when you're zooming- No console (can't change max_fps to 125 instead of 90 etc...)- Tab toggles scoreboard (hold to see scoreboard would be a lot better, a small thing but still)- Only dedicated servers... (would be awesome to get Server browser/custom/needs modtools)- Seems to have high ping, also why isn't there an option to show your ping/fps?- When you aim the weapon's aim takes your whole screen space making you not see the enemy in the front so clearly- Movement isn't exactly the same as COD4, there is minor things which needs to be changed (jumping from 2 meter, slows you way too much)- No lobbychat (you can only chat ingame)Looking forward to get the 6 extra maps in December. I hope they could also tweak this game and make it better overall.
just no..
worst game launch. cant play IW it crashes. if you get Cod 4 you have about 1000 people to play with and end up playing with the same people every day. cant play with friends who bought this game off the windows store. 0/10 IGN
Garbage COD game with horrible lag spikes when playing multiplayer.  Player population is to low, go kill yourself for making this game Infinity Ward.
People act like this is the worst cod to date. It's not, it's really not. Hating on this game is becoming trendy, that's why you only see bad steam reviews, and you should NEVER look at the steam reviews. It's just comments hoping to earn a little likes.EDIT: Nevermind, i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game and i want my money back.
The Call of Duty series has taken us from the beaches of Normandy to the jungles of Vietnam. There have been many games released in this series ranging from black ops to advanced warfare. The latest game in the series is Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and gamers had hated the initial trailer. Does the game rate for you to spend your hard earned money on, or should you go with another game that is coming out in the next few weeks? The campaign takes place in the future where the United Nation Space Alliance was formed to branch out into the galaxy. They had created colonies on other worlds so that Earth could thrive and flourish throughout the galaxy. During fleet week in Geneva as a celebration of the UNSA and their ships the defense cannons start to come online targeting friendly ships. Amongst the chaos the forces of the Settlement Defense Front start killing civilians and military personnel alike. This new enemy wants to see Earth punished for its actions. The single player campaign is great as there are a lot of great moments as you will choose where to strike next. This sets it apart from most of the other Call of Duty games where you had to go from one mission to the next in a linear fashion. Also, you will take control of the UNSA Retribution a warship that will serve as your base of operations. You will be able to customize your loadouts and obtain new technology as you make your way through the campaign. The campaign, however, is VERY short and if you love the single player experience while there is a lot of great moments you will be done with it rather quickly. This campaign can be done in around 5 hours (with around 7-8 on a harder difficulty). However, this has been the norm with the Call of Duty games as of late as they are focusing on a multiplayer experience. The multiplayer in the game is on par with the other games in the series with a few changes. The specialists that were introduced in Black Ops 3 are back, but in the form of Rigs. These combat Rigs have different abilities as you gain kills in combat. A meter fills and when it is filled you can use that ability. There are three Rigs that you start out and they are the Merc (with steel dragon a beam weapon that can hit multiple targets), Warfighter (that has a claw weapon that can shoot in a wide spread) and Synaptic (a robot that has twin machine pistols). There are a total of six Rigs in the game and while it doesn’t sound like a lot they can be customized with various payloads to fit your playstyle. However, there are some problems with the multiplayer as well and the first has to be the matchmaking. I had gotten the game during the week and had tried to find a lobby and spent nearly a half hour looking before I had given up. My other problem is that the multiplayer maps do not flow as well as the ones in Black Ops 3. In Black Ops 3 there was plenty of room to move around and some of the maps in this game feel claustrophobic. There are certain choke points you can just camp in and rack up a bunch of kills. Zombies has to be the saving grace of Infinite Warfare as everything about this mode is perfect! You are called to a creepy movie theater to audition in a part for Willard Wyler’s new horror movie. After being a recluse for years he has come out of retirement and has chosen you to be in his new film. As you take your seat in the theater, however, a portal opens up through the screen and sucks you into the movie. The movie is called Zombies in Spaceland and takes place at an amusement park called Spaceland. You can choose to play as the nerd (Poindexter), the jock (A.J), the rapper (Andre) or the valley girl (Sally). What is great about this new zombie’s mode is that it takes place in the 80’s and everything reflects it. From the decor in the park, to the zombies themselves and there is even a DJ spinning tunes while you play. And the DJ is played by none other than David Hasselhoff! This for me is the best part of Infinite Warfare and I hope they come out with more content for this mode (perhaps branching out into more of Wyler’s other films?) Only time will tell.But that’s not all folks. If you buy the Legacy edition of the game you will also get a copy of Modern Warfare remastered. Yes, you heard right as you can play the game that started the warfare franchise both online and in the campaign mode. I have to say that I have been playing the campaign and when Charlie Don’t Surf loaded up I was blown away with the new slick looking visuals. This is a great game that needs to be played both online and off, but the only drawback is that it currently cannot be purchased separately. You need to plunk down $80 for all the content and modern warfare remastered. If you really want to play this game I would suggest waiting as Activision will release a solo pack containing this game. While this game has a lackluster campaign and a multiplayer mode rife with problems zombies in Spaceland is the saving grace of Call of Duty Infinite Warfare. Hopefully Activision will correct some of these problems and release some great content for this game in the months to come. For more information on this game head over to  and get ready to reach for the stars.
So, I was having fun with this, but I just ran into my first group of hackers. Reports online suggest there is absolutely no anti cheat anything in place for this game. From activision or from Valve. The multiplayer is interesting, though many of the mechanics seem pretty useless (IE ALL of the Lethal grenades are anything but, many of the Rig perks pretty much suck, etc) My biggest complaint is the lack of AC though.
Bought the 100$ version and both games have so many problems and nothing has been fixed yet so a week later i am still unabale to play COD 4 remastered for some reason and now my IW just puts me on a black screen everytime the game starts
Worse than prev versions, no value over bo3 (go play that and save $60), buggy, cant get games (esp w friends), more dependent on host than skill, no progression, an all around turd.
WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DID YOU EVEN DO TO THE GOD DAMN MP?????TTK IS SO ♥♥♥♥ED!
I want my money back. Bought the legacy edition for 55€ on a keyseller and still waaay to much for the game for what it is now. Pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm even more sorry for the people who bought it for full price.
Sound Doesnt Work :(
Crashed when i went onto options, Crashed mutiple time when i went to join a game, Refused to load a game. An absolute pile of horse ****
I dont understand how a company can get away with releasing and selling a product that a lot of people can not even play. The few who can play have serious performance issues. How have we allowed the gaming industry to come to this point where they can literally sell us a car with 3/4 wheels....if we are lucky. It is unnacceptable. It is stealing. But some how they are allowed to do it and they get away with it every year. Â£60 wasted. Oh and BTW. I can not play IW or MWR. My PC is all up to date. It exceeds the requirements by far and it is a game fault not pc fault. I am happy that call of duty sales have dropped by 50% because it shows that eventually if you ignore your fan base and act immaturely and stupidly, eventually you will pay and they have suffered. Not as much as they should, but it is a start. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
All i can say is game was great until i got to operation burn water part 2, game is locked up and no resolve yet, $100 for a bricked game, and zombies has problems with creating group. cmon guys this is pathetic
I'd buy this 6 months from the release date. The campaign is the only thing worth it in IW, and it's about 7 hours. So you're paying 60 bucks for seven hours of decent content. The multiplayer is uninispired compared to others like TF2 and Overwatch and Siege.
Beware BUYERS you will be RIPPED OFF!
baddddd
I should've played Nintendogs instead ...
Multiplayer Gameplay is SOO BAD!! MW was hands down the best. Never again i give up on this!
honestly the game isnt bad, but i dont think you need it, its all been done before. the best part about the game is Kit Harington. even then, its dissapointing hes a bad guy. at this point i dont reccomend it, ive wasted my money and i couldve bought something else with my money.
I cant play call of duty modern warfare remastered cause of some out of memory issue that is ridiculousplease fix it !!!
I purchased this game yesterday,downloaded it last night went to play it today had dissapearing loading screen in other words won't ♥♥♥♥ing load,played around with it all day went to forums did the fix files bit but I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off  now I have just requested a refund and got it within 1 hour.So up yours all you sods that are played in this ♥♥♥♥ up.
♥♥♥♥ing boring, too much futuristic!
This game is worst I can't even play. My spec is GTX 760Core I5-4440Ram 8The frame rate that's show and what I see is not the same.The game was cache once I press to play zombie.COD4:MWR is worst too. Delay and lagging.This things is happen to me I try to fix both of them and it doesn't work at all.Right now I going to refun. But it seem that Steam didn't listen to customer at all.SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS isn't what they said. High frame rate but truly it's just 10-30 frame rate.
The campgian is awesome but all rest  is bad.The MP is unplayble because of lag comp and latency. (I get open nat in the game)Zombies is nice but for a week and a half iI have'nt found 1 game in a lobby so I played only solo wich sucks.
Don't waste your money. The matchmaking is WORSE than blackops3 ( which is saying something ) it just leaves you hanging in the lobby, you cant set the max fps setting anymore (wtf?) you cant text type in the lobby and the ping bars are just that - bars, not numbers. It seems anything involving infinity ward lately has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wish I hadn't bought this game now. I can't give an opinion on campaign mode because I dont buy these games for single player. Just save your money until they fix it.
I'm someone who has played every COD from release since Cod 4 and even though I wasn't expecting much from this game I thought I would atleast enjoy it for being COD.  Unfortunately that was not the case.  After about 2 hours of playing I regreted buying it.  I mainly prefer multiplayer and it is practically unplayable.  Hit registration is terrible.  Spawns are terrible.  Even the menu system is bad.  The developers focused way to much on trying to give it a realistic army style and forgot they were actually making a game that was ment to be fun.  I have invested several years of my life into the Call of Duty franchise and I am very sad that I won't continue playing the new COD for the first time since Cod 4.
unplayable.  cant play without crashing
BLUF - 4/10Advanced Warefare + Black ops 3 = Infinite Warfare. This game is good...  Just not $60 good, though. Wait for a sale for around $40. A few things need to be pointed out, too:1 - No split screen2 - Campaign is alittle "bleh"3 - Multiplayer is fun as usual, but...   a. Waiting for as game to collect enough players can be time consuming   b. When you do get into a running lobby, 1 out of 3 of your games will have a hacker/cheater in it; online experience isn't the bestAs I said before, it's a standard COD game, so wait for the sale(s) unless you're a die-hard fan. If you're into online MP matches, hope you have several grains of salt handy...
the game keep crashing even thouht i have the right specs for it and i also payed for Cod 4 remastered, I cant even get pass the title screen
Horrible.Multiplayer is a disaster. Graphics are terrible. It looks like a game that was made solely for 12 year olds. Zombies is no fun. I would not recommend this game at all.
One thing and one thing only really runined this game for me....no local split screen!!!!!! Unacceptable.
not recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, superlag and broken already by hackers
MULTIPLAYER REVIEWI buy CODs for the multiplayer, I don't like single player campaiges or zombies so dont look for that here.I want to like it I really really do, I like COD multiplayer for all customization, and challenges, and unlocks that can keep you busy while you play. Something is off about this one tho.Pros-lots of customization as always-unique character classes similar to BO3 (rigs)-beautiful guns-First person animations look beautful and some motion blur to give it a flare-Factions that you can level up that assign you missions to spice up matchs a little bit.Cons-steep learning curve (last COD I played was BO3 on PS4, I'm not used to twitch aiming with a mouse, espiecally in a game with this movement. I would reccomend they add like a level 10 and below playlist for people to get used to the game.)- There are plenty of gun and attachment balancing issues, currently one rig that is noticably better than all the rest-Community is small-Stability issues (sometimes in the multiplayer menus you get mouse lag, or just a large studder in general)-In game lag (its every single lobby, and I ask in the chat, everyone experiences it)-(more of a personall issue) Some of the animations the character models do look bad, not like they shouldve gone with something different bad, like they dont look finished. You dont see any form of movement when they thrust jump, it literally looks like the character model was standing there a just started levitating forward. and remember the winners circle in BO3, yeah it looked awkward when the characters would holster the weapons to do a taunt or a gesture, IW looks terrible, like animations straight out of 2005 terrible, like time crisis 2 arcade stall bad.I would honestly wait until the fix the balancing issues and the community grows once they hear its gotten better. If you want a similar experience that a little less competitive but still just as fun and has similar customization, Just go buy Titanfall 2.
Worst Cod pc Lauch ever. No one cares about infinite, Cod 4 remastered was good at lauch but all of a sudden they ♥♥♥♥ed it up and im waiting for a patch for a week now to fix a simple bug. Ive requested a refund twice now but given up. 130 dollars for a game that doesnt even work is such Bull. This has to be a policy with consumer law or something cause half my gametime is me trying to look for a match only for it to load for 10 minutes and get disconnected.. Do not recommend buying this on steam becuase the developers do not pay enough attention to it. Go ps4 or xbox for this one kids.
Pros:Great atmosphereGreat story line, campaign is goodGuns are cool looking, along with skinsZombiesCons:Using all LOW / OFF settings, game still handles 8fps (With 8gb ram)Crappy multiplayerNo Anti-CheatP2W StyleMy review: 3/10
unfair multiplayer, unbalance weapons, cheats, poor UI, a framerate that can't decide if it wants to be smooth or choppy (even in the menus) , and awful and blurred textures even on the highest settings yeah stick to battlefield at least it runs and plays well.the campaign seems ok when your able to play it with out it crashing
I strictly bought this game for the Remaster.  Waste of $80.  Likely the last COD I ever buy.  Lag comp is still a thing.  Servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥  Stutterbug is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Good bye old friend.
I dont really like this game sorry
if you play CoD for the multiplayer. dont buy it unless you have great internet.not only are you gonna face the problem of lag. but your gonna rage at the screen, when they show you that the guy you were shooting in the back, had time to turn around, jump 3 times, and headshot you.to make it short, if you enjoyed BO3 multiplayer, and had no issues with stuff like this, go ahead enjoy this game aswell.
Campaign is awesome.Online multiplayer is another story...To make a long story short, it stinks.
Nope big Nope for Infinite Warfare. MWR is good.
Really terrible multiplayer and even worse company. Got this game purely for the remaster which doesnt even work for most people or if lucky can join one map due to a bugged out patch that they cant even fix within 24hrs. After the millions activision have made from previous call of duty games they cant even release a working new on.Only good thing i have found from the game so far is the campaign which isnt to bad.All i can say is fix the damn game before people leave for something better!
The game would probably be more enjoyable if there was a better selection of settings for sensitivity.  Essentially your ADS sensitivity is half of whatever you set your global sensitivity to.  Essentially what you end up with is hip/fire senstivity that is too high or ADS sensitivity that is way to low.  Unless you have a mouse with software that will let you control the sensitivity of the mouse when you ADS you will probably struggle with this mouse.  Additionally the FOV is horrible.  It is probably around 65 to 75 degrees.  You will routinely see enemys run right passed you or enemies will just appear out of no where.  Its almost like you are looking at the game through a aparature the size of a pringles can.  Bunny hopping is alive and well in this game.  Overall accuracy of the weapons don't seem to be affected by jumping around like a idiot.  Coupling the ADS, FOV and Bunny hopping issues together just makes the game unenjoyable.  Coupled with the idiotic console radar â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t it is easy to camp in this game.  Add that with the tactic of sticking together as a group and you get the affect of horrible game play.
The Gamepad option is locked
La mÃªme chose que chaque annÃ©e. Le jeu pop corn sans surprise mais qui s'apprÃ©cie comme un film d'action avec quelques cÃ´tÃ©s nanards. Pas mauvais, mais ne mÃ©rite pas le prix demandÃ© Ã  la sortie. Mieux optimisÃ© que le remake sorti en mÃªme temps mais pas fou non plus. Avec une 1080 il  trouve tout de mÃªme le moyen d'avoir des baisses de framerate.
As i loved Black Ops 3 much, i thought to give this one a try too. But just to notice this game has way too much spaceâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥and getting killed by plasmaâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥destroyer6969 makes me wanna commit sudoku every match.
While the game's single player experience is overall a good dose of futuristic warfare, the multiplayer leaves a lot to be desired. And let's be honest: multiplayer is what COD is purchased for. The trailers for the game hyped it up to be a fun, futuristic shooting game with unique abilities and fun movement. Instead, we ended up with a Q3A shooter with wallrunning. The maps are incredibly small and not well planned or made. This is not what I expected. I should have bought Titanfall or BF1. I didn't expect mouse acceleration to be a "feature" of this.
Bought the ultimate edition and never even recieved my season pass or 10 rare crate keys.Nobody plays this♥♥♥♥♥♥ lol
im disapointed  becase  you dont have flags for all countres . This is  a rachim attetiou . Same on you
Played it for 5 minutes, refunded it, great game.
Fun game, Too bad no one plays eather Infinite Waredare or MW Remastered on PC. If you want to play anything other than regulat TDM then you won't find any open games half the time.
I've played every call of duty game, well not true, the last one I can't play it but I'll get there in a minute... The 1, 2, 3 and even "roads to victory", or "united offensive",  are not the first choice for many first person shooter fanatics, but still are quite good for the gameplay dynamics, and graphics of the time... When Modern warfare came out, everybody was playing CoD, graphics were amazing, the story was well drafted, and the gamer ingame point of view was like no other...  when CoD 5 world at war came, everyone was so execited but after playing it not so much... the game developers make mistakes, they're Humans, not a big deal, even more so, when Modern Warfare 2 arrived, and CoD was back to it's former glory... And the glory continued, with Modern warfare 3, black ops 1 and 2, and even Ghosts. However they mess up again, with Black ops 3 and advanced warfare... probably wanted to make some changes in the game series, but they changed so much that the player was left with no other choice than to play a first person game, war like scenario, with the "help" of advanced proteses and machines without which he couldn't pass the mission or even the game... But now, everybody knew, even before the game beta came out, that Battlefield 1 would be better... I honestly haven't played battlefield 1... I'm loyal to call of duty, and the memories it brings me... despite all the troubles... I've bought the Infinite Warfare, and started playing it, and may I say the graphics are without dought awesome, the weapons are  a bit confusing, but still it does the job, sometimes...  call of dut may be a huge success as multiplayer firstperson shooter, but still the story matters...and that is what I like most... however, this one, well... it's call "first person shooter" for some reason, I'm making the number up but it can't be far from the truth, more then 35%  of the game is piloting the fighterjet... one or two times would be fine, just like black ops 2 , that's ok, even drive a car or so... but a thirt of the game?!?!? come on !!!...  the best part, or not, is that your caracter is made captain of the ship, and so it's up to you to lead, give orders and so... however throughout the game, your friend and wingmate, keeps saying what you need to know to complete the objectives, but she tells you like orders....  but that's ok....What I don't like, is the fact that I can't finnish the game, 'cause there's probably a bug in the game, and the mission is impossibly to be passed.So I can't give a review of this game because I can't played 'till the end.
Multiplayer is dead. Campaign is broken (black screen on 80% of missions). Graphics suck for 2016. I wish I could refund this :/
Great campaign, even though it starts slow. Just wish there was more! Multiplayer on the other hand is a complete mess. Its just another twitch fest. Whoever farts on their trigger at the right moment wins. No skill really involved, just get shot in the back A LOT. MW4 remaster is so broken its almost unplayable online. Don't bother
This game is trash....i only got it for cod 4 remstered
Game keeps crashing on single player (The main reason I bought it). I am running a i5-3570k, gtx 980 ti, 8gb ram, all drivers are updated, on a ultra wide screen). I will update my review after they patch (it has been over a week with not a single patch).
Worst Call of Duty Ever Created. Biggest waste of money. Don't bother with this game
pros. comes with remastered. if you pay more.cons. remastered long map loading times and disconnects. since there 4 day old update. (released 7 days ago.)no ANTI CHEAT vac. both games. hackers run wild.  (seen 1 obvious hacker in IW. auto killing)reskin of black ops 3. wallrunning is mega messed upsent a tweet asking when we are going to get vac anti cheat. and all i got was .....   use in game reports. NO THEATER MODE. headshot hit reg is b.s.P2W..season pass holders get rare suply drops. and things to craft better weps , attachments with out using up a slot.laggy servers. so much lag comp its unreal. sitting in a lobby waiting on players for over 5 mins..no player count in the game modes. you cant see what game modes have players. kill cams dont play sound.. (you hear reload or enemy run / boost. in kill cam there is nothing.) lack of game modes compared to consoles. lack of players. 1 week old game and at most there was 14,000 players on PC. playing IW. and 4,000 on remastered. now its not even 7k on IW. and 3k on remastered. THIS GAME HAS THE WORST EVER TEAM BALANCE I HAVE EVER SEEN ......  so many times its been  6 v 2... 7 v 1... 5 v 2..  ITS A JOKE.   no support from the devs on PC.my list can go on....  i know they dont care for the PC. anymore. and its so obvious now. NO i do not recommend this game.look at this team balance.....   oh yeah and the top player in enemy team has AIMBOT.  snapping from player to player headshots only.    more info on this pic.................................................... .........................................................................................................................................................................................................EDITED.....  ok so i now have...  173 hours on INFINITE WARFARE. still riddled with hackers. more and more every day. so many people are using glitches under map. on roof. and most of it if not all glitches are made by using FLT. boost jump... should be removed from the game..no anti cheat in place. sent multi tweets to avtivision . and members of team.   all i get back is report in game... then im told by activision assist. he is a tech support and dont deal with  reports.  he also said if i want to know about VAC. i have to get in contact with steam...  (and you cant)  want to see the confo for your self i took a steam pic......      AS YOU CAN SEE ACTIVISION IS A JOKE... all online multiplayer game should come with a anti cheat enabled.... or some kind of anti cheat in place. no theater mode. no patches. no support. nothing.
This game only have bugs and i can only play one round online then the next map wont load .
no extinction
normally id call a game cancer if its bad but this is game is worse and i dont know how to say how bad it is with words actions or anything really they even managed to ruin modern warfare
Negatives: multiplayer nothing new and hard to find any other gamemode besides tdm cause of online population, and zombies just seems like one of those things they added at the last min just to make people happyPositives: campaign is actually pretty good better than the last few games.. but i kinda wish they had kept co op like they did for bo3 although not many people were playing the campaign its just nice that there was an option to co op the campaign...
this is a worse port than black ops 3 was,im trying to get a refund and would not get this game for a few months until it is optimized better. memory leaks are real. i had similar problems with black ops 3 and it was fixed after about 4 monthsmy system specs:win10 pro 64bit16gb ram960 gtx gpu500gb ssdi3 intel cpu
campaign is good enough, multiplayer is still too focussed on futuristic jumping everywhere. havent touched zombies yet but have high hopes.Honestly i only bought this so I could play MW remastered.
I cannot recommend this at the moment, IW is a mixed bag for me,the campaign and zombies are fun for me but the multiplayer is the same as always but slightly slower paced than before. One of the main reasons why i bought this was MWR (aka Modern Warfare Remastered) and that game on PC is bad, it has Framerate drops no matter how good your GPU or CPU is, Most of the time,it keeps on giving me connection timed out when loading into a match and very rarely i can go into a match. So until they fixed MWR,i cannot recommend you buying both games at full price. Buy this only when price drops at perhaps $30 or less.If you want something similar to this and is a great game,buy Titanfall 2 instead of this.
bought this game only for remasteredInfinity warfare sucks game sucks no ppl in mp 3v3/4v4 lol all timeif u like to play remasterd then buy otherwise am not suggest u to buy this crapwithout remasterd no one buy Infinity warfareBF1 is best out there (owned)Titanfall 2 if fun and stoy mode is awsome (owned)
Modern Warfare remastered is great.Infiinite Warfare is ok, I enjoyed a bit.Update: Game is dead now, buy it on console if you're looking to play alot.
Do you like smooth multiplayer that showcases your skill and your quick reflexes? Well ♥♥♥♥ you, this game has lag compensation so that's impossible. Basically when you play against others, the developers have made the game give people with fast connections lag, so you get equal lag to the most laggy person you're playing with.It's basically a horrible ♥♥♥♥♥torm when playing against noobs. For one, it doesn't work, and secondly, it works even worse than you're currently imagining.Do you want mouse smoothing on by default? Hey it's got that. Do you want to have to set launch options just to turn it off? Cool.Do you want a game, where when you change the fov, it adjust to your mouse sensitivty too? Well its got that.Do you like to type text out in the lobby to other players while you wait for the next map to load? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad, you can't.Do like it when games are aware that certain items are still locked, so it doesn't add those locked items to challenges after prestiging? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad, the devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥If you like playing with turds floating around in the toilet, I highly recommend this game, because it is exactly what you are looking for.Would you want a scoreboard to track how good players are in your current lobby, or in the MP mode you're in? You know, like Black Ops 3 has? Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad, there is no universal scoreboard.Do you want tiny ♥♥♥♥ing icons when you presitge that look worse than the original 55 levels of your player, hey the devs made them for you.The game lacks a huge amount of polish and features that Black Ops 3 had from launch. Stick with Black Ops 3 if you are thinking of switching.
so WHERE TO START ....1- my first 8 hour of play was fun , MP was pretty good with some freeze issues but not a problem really . second the zombie was my favorite part of the game , im fan of zombie since black ops 1 and this one is very unique and attractive with some features that i was waiting for years .2- The campaing , didnt touch yet but i would like to but ........3- since today THE GAME IS ABSOLUTLY THE WORST I EVER SAW , like the menu is freezing , cant start a single MP or zombie game for some reason lol . steam dont want to refund after 2 hour of play but damn the game is just unplayable .4- i dont recommend this game for anyone , i hope a update is coming cause for now i feel like they steal my money HOLD UP MY bank account . i bought this game for zombie and only thing i can play is ctrl delete task manage to stop the crap game . 7/10 before that but now 0/10 worst then no man sky , i want a refund so bad !!!!!!!!
This time they smashed it>>> we get Infinite s.hitware a game with - zero innovations, - terrible music, - complete LACK of anything new and interesting after AW and BlackOps3 BUT WAITLegacy Edition gives Moooodern Warfare yeeeee wait,,,MW gets us- nice new graphics- more classes  then the old one- terrible spawn system (player i killed spawns behind me and kills me, try BOG map)- game loads to 50% and then crashes to main lobby 95% of time(no patch till this review)- in lot of cases constant 90fps then a simple turn around 12fps - they removed dedicated servers, BUT WAIT....on Origin i have Battlefield 1 and that game has NO MAJOR BUGGS, ZERO- super optimized, 2560x1440 on my pc min fps 95 with ultra settings- super graphics- super audio fx and music- super sp and especially MULTIPLAYER- dedicated serverswhat else to say
(Good Things down the bottom)So Many HACKERS!!!!! and i mean ive seen games that people hack on regularly. But this....is by far the worst ive ever seen, i atleast find 1 hacker every day It has constant game crashes and lag, let alone more hackers than ive seen on any call of duty. The optimization isnt to good but its not bad, it could do better but its still fair enough to play.The constant lagg is honestly one of the most anoying issues, it just isnt fun to play with and especialy on a COD Title .Theres a little bit of fps drops only on a few maps and it didnt bother me, now its on nearly every map and zombies, they have implemented new graphical setting which has created more fps drops and constant freezing/crashingNotice how im not going to buy any more DLC from these developers untill they fix there work priorities and change the attitude they have to there fanbase.The only way you can have a fair chance on multiplayer is by getting a rare variant of a weapon. Unless you are lucky you basically have a 3-1 disadvantage against someone who has either payed for supply drops and gotten a variant or just gotten lucky with the RNG.I have recently returned to playing this game and its not as bad as terms of gameplay and community, However the crashing/fps drops/optimization is still f*^%@# Terrible!!!!"Good" - The only good thing about this game is the zombies mode, its not the best ive played but it was something different than the original zombies style and not to ridiculus like Advanced Warfare zombies. So thumbs up for that.The weapons are mostly balanced besides some of the varients. They have made every DLC weapon free and everyone can get them and have made weekly missions to get bonus keys and salvage so this means they still want to progress the game and listen to the community, but they are still a little bit greedy.
I like hillary clinton more than I like this game.
This review is for Modern warfare remastered.Its really disapointing to see such a good game from most of our childhood get ruined by cheaters. but if infinity ward or activision doesnt put an anti cheater system in place this game will get ugly fast.I cannot continue to support this title until this simple system is in place.0/10 stars.5/5 thumbs down.
I have been a serious COD fan but not anymore this game is so bad its not even worth buying. I waited for like 50 mins to find a match got 9 players in my lobby still the game wont start and eventually players started to leave the game. Pls dont buy this game until they fix the game
game is complete trash
Pros: Beautiful Visuals,Meaningful Story Moments,Added Side Missions,Outstanding Sci-Fi World,Fresh Take on “Zombies”Cons:Multiplayer Feels Old and ClunkyStory Feels Rushed and Characters are Underdeveloped,The name “Call of Duty” holds Infinity Ward to certain check boxes
*Campaign review*I buy these games strictly to play the campaigns, so skip this review if you're looking for a multiplayer review.As for the game itself, it's pretty good as far as COD campaigns go, the missions are somewhat varied and the space combat is slightly more fleshed out than I thought it would be...only because I was expecting something like 'Nam helicopter mission in Black Ops, but don't expect anything too crazy. The reason I'm not recommending this game right now is because the arrow keys are completely useless, and for left handed gamers this makes the game really difficult to play. When you press more than one of the arrow keys, your character just stops moving and you get killed. There are dozens of posts about this on the forums but Activision hasn't even admitted it to be an issue yet. I managed to get it working by using a program to make Windows think my arrow keys were WASD and helped out a few people who were willing to try, but nobody should have to do that...especially when arrow keys have worked in every other COD game and every other PC game for the past 20 years. If/when they fix this I will change my review.
right now my reveiw is negative becuase multiplayer is garbage, campaign is ehhh, and zombies is better than black ops 3 zombies. i MIGHT change my review once all zombies maps cause multiplayer is a no no and campaign... well is the campaign.
The single player was fun, lacking, but fun. It is tries to be interesting by being in space, and I appriciate that. However, this is call of duty. Every new aspect they touched still felt like it was cheaply implemented (or should I say not fleshed out to the point of satisfaction). I can't really complain about it more than that it felt dull for being a 60€ game.I would recommend buying this game  it was a 20€ game. I'm not going to touch the multi-player as this part has become, simply put, bad for the series.I can really only say one thing at the current state the game is in: Please stop making games. Just please. STOP IT. As is, the game has grand issues with connectivity as well as FPS lags and stutters (I'm having a Titan X as well as better than recommended specs in everything else). But also other things that I will bring up below.Now, you might say , and I would agree. However this game has only turned for the worse in my opinion. Sure, you have better graphics, animations etc. but the removal of dedicated servers  exp support, amongst other things is just bad. Basically CoD 4 Remaster feels like any other CoD, without customization of how you want to play. It is more forced to how  (the developers) want you to play the game and less about how  (the gamers, customers) want to play the game. Me for instance loved to play on servers without stun grenades (as I personally hate that kind of mechanic) and I could do that on certain servers in the good old CoD 4. Now I'm forced to play on a 12 player server with everything enabled. That brings me to another point; the player count. I loved that you could either just cramp up the whole map with lots of players, or keep it spacious with just a few players. This isn't possible anymore. They essentially removed the only really good functionality to the CoD 4 series (my opinion of course). I also believe that they have reduced the skill cap in this game compared to CoD 4 (which isn't much, but still), I'm not sure however so don't take my word for it.It's sad to say that I won't recommend getting this game at all. I mean, not even for 50% off. The disappointment is too big. Buy CoD 4 instead if you don't already have it.I feel like the call of duty team should focus their energy on recursive algorithms instead, as that will be just as interesting as playing their games nowadays. I mean they won't need dedicated servers nor space ships with recursive algorithms. They just need to keep it simple (which I know that they can do, as they have done it for quite some time now).
0.7 hours wasted.MWR= life
bad game for all  time i cant play like bot dude call of duty dead :(
Firstly, I will apologize for language mistake as English is not my 1st language. There are so many things that makes how crappy this game is compared to BO3 jus a month ago. Despite the fact that they both had same amount of time to develop the game, IW has surely failed to deliver yet again another COD chapter. Although, the campaign mission was one of the best story we had but multiplayer aspects fail to fulfill the most part. Constant, FPS drops, poor server and constant lag seems to be a trend in IW development baggage. Other things like, missing Lobby Leaderboard inside the lobby, console type connection meter instead of ping connection meter, no chat availabe in the lobby like in BO3 and many more are just seems like half baked game yet again. Matchmaking is yet again very poor. Party members in lobby are not grouped to differentiate between other lobby members etc. I was kinda worried towards end of octber knowing the next COD is going to be from IW because of the history they have of messing up with Ghost. I now certainly be dissapointed knowing next COD will be developed by team IW in future. Good game but its not even as good as BO3 Beta. IW guyz, I'm sorry for you guyz that you are surely developing games with amature team.
The game is what you would expect from the COD series as it continues to add more and more futuristic options. The game is fast paced and hectic at times like I was looking for as a break up from only playing CSGO most of the time. I haven't played COD since Ghosts and I was originally pleased. The single player game was pretty cool with a decent story that is engaging albiet a little predictable. Online however is a different story. Hardly balanced, continuous moments of, "WTF just happened?", and my biggest gripe is that after just one week the gamemodes are already nearly dead. I spent about a half hour of searching for domination queues and regularly just popped into a lobby with a couple others. I'd give up after about 5 minutes and only ammassing about 5 players to go play TDM. Then I'd come back to dom and it would be dead still... If you want to play COD, get it on console. If you just want to play single player and TDM online then feel free to get it here.
The game is what you would expect from the COD series as it continues to add more and more futuristic options. The game is fast paced and hectic at times like I was looking for as a break up from only playing CSGO most of the time. I haven't played COD since Ghosts and I was originally pleased. The single player game was pretty cool with a decent story that is engaging albiet a little predictable. Online however is a different story. Hardly balanced, continuous moments of, "WTF just happened?", and my biggest gripe is that after just one week the gamemodes are already nearly dead. I spent about a half hour of searching for domination queues and regularly just popped into a lobby with a couple others. I'd give up after about 5 minutes and only ammassing about 5 players to go play TDM. Then I'd come back to dom and it would be dead still... If you want to play COD, get it on console. If you just want to play single player and TDM online then feel free to get it here.
Don't buy this game, It does not work, wate for all the bug to be work out. the game will not load all the way , no sound and kick out. Don't buy yet.
♥♥♥♥ing Trash
Don't buy this game, it's garbage. Trust me, just wait for new COD from Treyarch, cause this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ For me, worst COD ever. / Nie kupujcie tej gry, to śmieć. Zaufajcie, po prostu poczekajcie na nowego COD'a od Treyarch, bo ta gra to j☻bane♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dla mnie najgorszy COD.
There are already a lot of detailled reviews about this game, and i can confirm the negative ones. - MP is buggy and just doesn't feel right- MP is laggy- Community is already dead (8200 player not even one week after release)- Performance of MWR is very badBut the singleplayer is really enjoyable. Very short (as always), but ok.Well, at least i learned my lesson about the whole "Remember, no preorders" thing.
your money are going to kill you if you spend them on this game
Nothing but crap.Ive been a avid Call of duty player for a long time.This game isnt worth the sh*t that comes out of my as*.....Theres no balance at all, You have to add launch options to fix there god awful mouse lag.You get hit with 2 bullets your dead.... This i dont mind but when you can fly around like a ♥♥♥♥kinnngggg yoyo its bullsh*tGuns feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥The game mechanics are awful.Dont buy it unless you want to waste your money.....Or if you do buy it, Only get it for the remastered modern warfare....
The singleplayer campaign works, it's by no means revolutionary. I personally realy like space-opera themed stories, so I accept it when things aren't up to par. I didn't buy the game for the singleplayer but for what I thought the multiplayer would be.After finishing the campaign, I felt ready to try the multiplayer aspect of the game. For some reason I was having these thoughts that it would remind me of Battlefield or Battlefront. Why you might ask? It's because the whole reveal trailer did the "go from planet into space" thing.However, COD MP is as it has always been, it's a claustrophobic-twitch-grind-murder-fest with level design that doesn't feel natural. You might get a kill and then ganked by at least two other people from two different directions. The game is actually trying to be Titanfall, but without Titans or any other vehicle (what happened to the whole space opera thing and vehicles).An example of bad level design is that there's a map of the interior of a space station, or rather hallways... with holes and drops... where you can wallsprint and use your jetpack... Who designed this space station?! How do people work here when there's not a murder fest?!If I could, I would get my money back. I don't feel that I got my money's worth out of the campaign...
I'm enjoying the campaign. Modern Warfare Remastered is awesome. But you buy CoD for multiplayer, and it's just a bad BO3 copy-paste. And is EMPTY, seriously, at morning is impossible to fill a multiplayer lobby and the rest of the day only TDM games. Some domination if you're lucky.Only recommended for CoD4 lovers. Rest of you keep on playing BO3. Is a much better game with 100 times more players online.
basic cod multiplayer but some how feels worse than BO3 single player is ok but not worth the price would not recommend this game even if its on sale. Dont under stand this game engine is 16/17 years old it should be perfect by now but is far from it. oh yer still no servers so just 6v6♥♥♥♥♥♥again
I want a refund...
Campaign is rather good, The beginning is really badly paced but after that it is quite enjoyable. Like the "Choices" presented but they could have done a lot more with it and really made it stand out. The graphics were pretty but they were nowhere near BF1 and Titanfall 2, the gunplay was pretty basic, no immersion with the gunplay and it seemed just like a copy paste of advanced warfares gunplay, Like the weapon customization, weapons themselves in the single player seem limited, multiplayer selection is limited as well, and when playing on the hardest difficulties there is almost no avoiding dying after some scenes as the game puts you right in front of the bullets, and it's half luck, half several tries later, before you manage to clear some points or find cover to clear it.Multiplayer is poorly paced, with kits that move at different speeds makes the game seem unbalanced, overall it is a little slower than advanced warfare, and other cod titles, and it is way slower than Titanfall 2 that does a much better job with its movement system. there are a few really broken OP weapons in multiplayer there is one particular LMG that 1 Hit kills everyone it hits in a certain configuration, and people will be constantly camping the map with it, it is a COD game and it should be no surprise that the multiplayer is more of the same poorly balanced overly techie♥♥♥♥♥♥Got the game for the remastered Modern warfare, & the remaster chugs along and laggs horribly it doesn't even look that great, even when my hardware is nothing short of pure overkill, (4.8Ghz 6600K OC, and GTX1080 @ 2.13Ghz Core, and 10900Mhz Memory effective with 16GB DDR4 @ 3200Mhz 14-14-14-34 2T. They seemed to have badly rushed the remaster as it seems to be riddled with many many issues that make both the single player and multiplayer almost completely unplayable.The last mission of Infinite warfare's campaign was unplayable for me for a few days. as I got a red screen shader glitch that turned the sky blue and the whole screen would turn red with only the outline of some objects remaining, (it did not crash, and I could move my character around) my recommendation is to wait until the game is on sale before you try to enjoy the campaign, and the multiplayer is pretty much a write off except for when you want to play some zombies game mode with friends, if you bought this game for the remaster like I did it is not even working properly on many hardware configurations (google it) as of this writing, and it has glaring issues with Windows 10, that they have yet to sort out combine that with the lackluster sales on PC and it is pretty safe to say that COD might be dead on PC after Infinite Warfare.Good luck, Have fun.TLDR:While overall the game did not recieve a recomendation, the single player and zombies game mode is worth $30-$40 in my opinion if you like to run it with friends, and the remaster if it worked may have added to that but as I stated earlier it is currently unplayable or baddly riddled with bugs.
Complete TrashGlad I didn't buy it.
This game makes Ghosts look like a God.
Campaign is Great, multiplayer is garbage and full of hackers as always
Pros-Pretty fun, fast paced gameplay, typical for cod gamesCons-91 FPS lock, absolutely unacceptable in a fast paced shooter-Modern Warfare Remastered has UNPLAYABLE stuttering for the first 30-60 seconds of every map, basically making rollout spawns/nades in tdm/dom etc impossible-Small playerbase less then 2 weeks after release, even a few days after release I could only find TDM and DOM games-NO ANTICHEAT... unacceptable-Mouse sensitivity is controlled with a vague slider bar with no way to fine tuneWill possibly edit this review as time passes or if the game is updated to fix some of these issues.For now this game is a 3/10
An hour full of bug fixes ive still yet to be able to play the game downloaded it and nothing would work, constant crashes and blackscreening moments. Change any graphics settings game crashes/freezes, join a friend game crashes and freezes, finally get into a lobby "waiting for game to load"
Just no.
what game you folks out ?!  what the hell you've put sniper, you made a game of monkeys!You have mocked the newest game FPS!!!Shame on you, you are only after money
This game so optimalized that i got a gtx 1060 6gb and still got fps drops.... lot of fps drops. This game is just fckin s-h-i-t. I hope the developers die. Thx for reading :)
I honestly like the game, multiplayer that is and had no performance issues, My biggest con is the community size, its way to much of a gamble getting the game when the peak of the day is 9000 players and on average around 3-5000 players. Its just going to result in long queues and mismatched games.Also this game is super fast paced, why does it take aprox. 3-infinite seconds to zoom in a sniper?-So would recomend for gameplay but game might be dead soon
I actually refunded the game which is something I usually never do.The PC port just feels horrible especially if you're used to black ops 3 and having 120+ FPS.There is FPS lag and just all around terrible performance from the game.Until they fix this it's definitely not worth purchasing, especially with games like Battlefield 1 and Titanfall on the market.This is definitely a game to buy on Xbox one if you really want to buy it.
The campaign is nice and all but multiplayer is completely dead and the DLCs are just going to make it even harder to play with people. 15k peak and that was about 4 days ago, only reaching 7-10k peak nowadays, black ops 3 at least has mod tools and a "server browser". This game has none and not even any dedicated servers for matchmaking it's all p2p so have fun with massive lags.A shame since the port itself is very good (except for 125fps limit on sp and >>91<< FPS limit on multiplayer)Modern Warfare : Remastered is another story though, it's even more empty than Infinite Warfare and only getting around 4k players max, the fov seems to only go up to 80 and there's not even any FoV option for singleplayer.So if you're thinking of getting this as an upgrade to your CoD4 experience consider it more of a downgrade when it comes to gameplay. There's massive amount of stuttering, the load times are 10 times longer than they have to be, you can't choose what map/server to play unlike original CoD4 on PC and mods? Lol forget mods this version has nothing for it so forget things like promod or 64 player battles that people might or might not enjoy
The last Infinity Ward Call of Duty game I will ever buy.Longtime fan of the series, been playing since CoD2. I buy the games primarily for the MP, not really any interest in the lacklustter SP campaigns that have been put out since MW3. Ill review both games since I wasted $109.99 for 2 games.Infinite Warfare ReviewPros: -Looks Nice-Runs WellCons:-No server browser-Terrible Maps-Guns are a complete joke-The Rigs system is not very creative or fun-The "fast paced" action double jumping stuff should get out of CoD games for good. It's like they could find a better gimmick to use this year.-For some reason the audio is busted. Only happens on this game.This game is uninspired garbage. It's embarassing to see how poorly Infinity Ward has fallen since MW2. These games get a 3 year dev cycle and they pretty much put a coat of paint over B03 and called it a day.Don't buy it.Call of Duty 4 Remaster ReviewPros:-Looks Nice-Plays like Call of Duty 4Cons:-No server browser-No dedicated server support. (P2P on a AAA FPS game lol)-Runs like garbage on a high end machine-The worst matchmaking ever in a CoD game (constant 2v6, 3v6 matches, wtf.)-Only 10 maps-Can't buy seperately-Low population because no one wants to spend $109.99 on a Cod gameThis remaster is such a slap in the face to the original Call of Duty, which is one of the most revolutionary FPS games to ever come out, also my favorite FPS of all time. There is no excuse for only 10 maps out at launch, even though the rest are coming out for free supposedly. I could have easily ignored the pricetag and the garbage Infinite Warfare if this Remaster was any good. But it's not. Not even close.It's 2016 and Activision still can't figure out that PC Matchmaking does not work on pc at all, period. This game will die out by the end of January just on that note alone. It's astounding that the community cannot even set up their own dedicated servers on a game they paid a premium for. This is a money grab pure and simple. Don't buy this garbage. If you're inclined to try the series out, wait for a huge discount. If you just want to enjoy the good old CoD4 again, you can find the original for less than $10.00 if you look hard enough. That version still runs well and still has a decent sized community going chalked up with DEDICATED SERVERS and a SERVER BROWSER.Don't buy this crap.
Very similar to Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.. 1 word = S h i t
I bought this game only for CoD : MW Remastered...Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is a really really bad game and I don't recommend it.Don't spend your money for this crap...If you're a MWR fan and you still want it, my opinion...wait few days/months till it goes around 40$ or else doesnt worth it.(Soz for my english)
Welcome to Team Deathmatch Simulator... I mean, Call of Duty. I wish I could enjoy this game more. I've loved the Call of Duty franchise, but this is one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever had with the franchise, with any game really. The PC multiplayer is incredibly frustrating because of its sparse player count. And I know that's not the developers fault, but between not being able to play anything but team deathmatch, and waiting in lobbies for upwards of 15 minutes to get matched, coupled with Steam's refusal to refund my purchse, this is really becoming an awful experience, and I hate that I paid $60 to just be frustrated all the time.We are still on week 1 of launch, and there are right now only 2,890 players online. Unless you plan to play TDM, and TDM only, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. There are not even enough players to be able to play any other game mode. I used up 80% of my 2-hour return window just waiting in lobbies, I kid you not. But apparently that doesn't warrant a return.Additionally, the supercharged time-to-kill is insanity inducing, and I get the feeling that playing this game is just an exercise in futility.Credit where credit is due, however, the campaign is fun and imaginitive, and I can absolutely see the hard work that a lot of people put into making it a great campaign. At a time when campaigns are being sacrificed for multiplayer experiences (ala Battlefront), it is refreshing to have such a fun campaign. But it just feels like they went to the other side of the sprectrum with this game, and because the multiplayer is so lacking (at least on PC), I cannot recommend this game.
The game has many issues, nr1.no dedicated serversnr2 lots of cheaters in my expierince, after day 3nr3 Bad hit registration (snipers)from all of the snipers only the widow maker scopes fast,the rest are just hitmarker machienesnr4 it's basicly a Smg only cod and i've played to +1 prestige.i'm gonna refund.
*This review is based only on the multiplayer experience* I have put hundreds of hours into PC call of duty over the years. I can safely say that this launch has been the most unsuccessful based on the amount of players in game, and how many aimhackers I have encountered. we are 1 week into launch and I can only find domination and team deathmatch. Domination is already kind of hard to find though:/ I rarely have found aimhackers in the other call of duty games that I have put hundreds of hours into- in the past few days I've been finding multiple daily. The game is not bad at all- but the experience I've had leaves me to only leave a negative review. I love this franchise and want it to be great- but please save the money because this game is dying faster than usual compared to the launch of it's predecessors
Tried to give this game a chance but holy hell is this crap bad. Campaign is a snoozefest and multiplayer is not even playable!
Where do I start COD IW isnt to bad of a game,it would be fun as a time passer. It is a mix between cod bo3 and aw. if you want to buy this just make sure that you are prepared for 12 year olds that stole there mothers credit card and a salty community EXAMPLE: My team lost Me: GG GENERICFAGUSERNAME: NO NOT GG BLEACH YOUR SO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
This is not a PC Game. CoD is dead on PC. Long live Battlefield! Ok no srs this game has so many problems. CoD needs a break. A big break. If the next CoD. Would release 2020 and would have a good port for PC, it would be great again. But its just the same as every year with 2 steps forward and 5 back. CoD is like eating eggs every day just sometimes you have more pepper or you eat you egg with ketchup (dont do that pls). But its still egg. And what happends when you eat all day eggs? Right, youll dont like them anymore and are sick of them after some time. And if you keep eating them, you will hate them after some time. Thats CoD ladys n gentleman. See you. Ok no i hope i dont see you cuz i dont like other people.
Could it be anymore ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.....Yes, Yes i could.ITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD !!COD 4 REMASTERED FOR THE WIN!
Got a refund this game is the worst cod i ever played
this game is not that bad only for  FPS drops  the story is really good. The game run really smooth on xbox one.
It was dead on arrival..you'll be lucky to get in a game of anything besides TDM...
Do you enjoy flying, wall running, flailing wildly and hip firing? If so this game is for you...if not...stay away...I really tried to like this game...but CoD went even further into the Titanfall clone zone and did it poorly. Combine that with the embarrassing player base making TDM the only playable game mode and it's not worth it.
Few people playing; 15+ minute queues assuming you don't randomly get dropped. The first and only TDM I was able to play was a bunch of kids questioning each other's sexual identity while screaming around the map with nothing but the Longbow.Single player campaign was pretty good.
Bought to refund 20 minutes later10/10
I personally like the faster paced arcade style of COD multiplayer over something like BF1. I also like the futuristic theme.  Advanced Warfare is actually my favorite of the ones I've played. Overall an unpopular opinion it would seem.However, with all this in mind, I wouldn't recommmend IW soley based on optimisation, performance and connection issues. AW & BO3 had their issues with the PC ports but overall ran smoothly on my system. While i manage to cap the FPS no issue in IW the game still feels stuttery and sluggish no matter how i tweak the setting. Even when every single graphics option is turned to low/off the frame rate doesn't stay solid and the stuttery/sluggish feel is still present. For whatever reason I also get a lot more lag, disconnetions and VAC verification errors compared to older itertations.    I usually put 220+ hours into each itteration i play. After 5 in AW i'm considering giving up on it already. hopefully it improves over time.. but looking at concurrent players i don't think there really is an 'over time' for IW.
infinite warfare is ok i guessthe remaster is almost unplayable due to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ load times causing you to be kicked before you get into the game.FFS infinity ward we trusted you.
Sluggish, poor level design, terrible intergration of wallrunning. Overall - Not a good game. I have played CoD since MW and I can't see myself buying anymore. Refunded. I'd suggest they give up the original plan and release MW Remaster alone for $20. Save face..
If you play PC and consol, I suggest you get this game on consol as the PC version of this is SH*T! The frames hit a wall every couple of seconds, the story gets stuck and as far as playing anything other than team deathmatch online you will rarely find a match.  This is because if you buy this on steam then you will not be playing with anyone who bought it through windows.. Stupid!! Honestly, the choices of games I have had over the last two months, I wish I got gears a war on xbox than play this.
So basicly they combined all last cod they made, into one big mess, -rep infinityward
COD has been getting worse since BO3. Onlyy have for MWR. which is amazing. Not worth the price for MWR.
Bad port. I really wanted this game to be good and fun, but I jsut cannot get over how poorly this runs on PC. Many of the visual affects dont work properly on high FOV, the frame drops are constant, and there is a very noticable input delay with my mouses movements. Overall I will not recomend this game to anyone, and I have already been issued a refund for my purchase. Stop feeding Activision money. CoD will never get better untill they start to lose money. Not to mention the fact that they dont give a ♥♥♥♥a bout the PC community, and don't even try to get us beta access or good MM services.tl:dr - If you want a futuristic shooter, dont buy this buy Titanfall 2.
Wait for them to fix the games...well.. if they doBoth of them run poorly.- lag- bad connections- crashing- stuttering/skipping- online progress for unlocks (progress for unlocking some of the attachments is not working)- you cant use your hight refresh rate monitor (144hz) to its full potential (lock on 91fps)- cant turn of V-sync (For G-sync monitors)- and some more settings you cant change because its locked for some reason...- I feel there is something wrong with the audio in MWR. It is perhaps like the original sound was, I do not remember it, but for me, it doesn't feel rightmy spec:I7 4770K @ 4GhzGTX 1080 ROG Swift16GB Ram
This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC. Half of the best gamemodes are gone (SND) It runs terribly compared to what the spec requirements are. Its jsut all around garbage for PC. if you are going to play cod stick to console.
Please no, They have failed terribly. THEY CAN ONLY REDEEM THEMSELVES IF THEY SELL MWR SEPRATE.
Multiplayer is horrible. Cheaters already using aim and wall cheats. Story line is just meh. Zombies is even worse. Activision did a horrible job on this game.
Worst game I have ever played
very slow and very sluggish. not half as good as blops 3. Wait for a free weekend before you buy or just buy blops 3
Firstly i also own this on ps4 and i am only a zombies player. I bought this on pc because black ops 3 zombies on pc was way better. I get 144 fps of smooth as butter gorgeous game play on bo3 zombies. This is capped at 91, not a deal breaker but, i feel like i'm going back in performance. Zombies could be a great game but, They still havent patched the garbage solo revive! Even when they finally do, try getting multi player matches! good luck. I wish i could return this game but, i have played more than the 2 hour cut off because i just thought us pc gamers might have got treated the same way as console owners. how wrong was i! Ive heard that multiplayer is just as bad on pc and going by the steam charts i can see why. 15,000 players online at its peak! I'm gutted i bought this.
I bought this game expecting only one thing... for it to work. I gave it a few days and tried countless times to just play online. The matches take 20-30minutes to que (Mulitplayer & Zombie mode) and when they finally do que game only has 3 or 4 people in it and extremely uneven teams. I racked a lot of hours on it just being frustrated in the title menu, my actual gameplay is less than 2 hours. I requested a refund for the first time in my steam history and I'm not just desperate for cash I requested it back into my steam account. I really hope I get this refund because this game is a waste and I also hope other people read this and avoid a bad experience like I did.
Awful game, cannot connect to any of my friends and they cannot connect to each other. The game is too fast paced, on search and destroy people can get to your spawn before the 7 second grenade timer is gone. Maps are awful and not well thought out. Pistols are better then rifles. The only good thing about this game is zombies. Which is still nowhere near worth Â£40.
The single player is great, but that's only because of the setting. The atmosphere and set pieces are amazing, and giving a lot of attention to the ship combat was refreshing. Also, they cast Jon Snow in this one, and he does his job marvelously. Unfortunately, a convincing and interesting script was never something CoD did. BUT it's mind boggling how much they refused to change the weapons. You get reskined and renamed future M4, FN Minimi, UMP, Kriss Vector, etc. Your "energy weapons" just shoot bullets that produce blue spock marks instead of grey ones.The multiplayer is just worse in that there's nothing redeeming about it what so ever. The whole thing is the same as BO3, only the movement system feels more clunky, and you have even less HP. No one bothers with the jet pack, and if you're not using Synaptic with an SMG, automatic shotgun, or Akimbo, you're not getting kills.The Remastered single player is a buggy mess with crashes, corrupted save files, and missing content "to be fixed soon".The Remastered multiplayer is great, but at $80, that's one expensive game, and the price is probably going to doom the game. Not a lot of people are willing to pay that much for a graphics update. At least there's more players than MW3, so there's that.tl;dr: Even AW was better. Remastered multiplayer is great tho.
The worst COD game ever came out.
Campaign mode in Normal took me just 9 hours of total play - way to short and too easy!Day 2 of owning the game and I'm done with single player - dissapointing
I enjoy the game but currently it's not great. Multiplayer has fps drops sometimes several crashes and disconnections mid game. Just wish Pc would have gotten a beta and devs would make better ports. It's sad to see. Hopefully patches are quick to resolve a lot of the current issues.
I am still not sold on the new Call of Duty Infanite Warfare. The 92fps capping is frustrating, especially for those of us that have invested a small forture in top shelf hardware. The never ending laser gun sounds tend to be a little defining. I do enjoy a few of the newer weapons like the vortex gun, just because they are out of the norm. Game is fast paced (movement is faster than previous Call of Duty games) and you need to be fast with quick scope sniping, there is no time to camp and apponents come at you from every direction. A  few weapons need to be nerfed as they are way more powerful than they should be and if you figure out which they are you can dominate lobbies without breaking a sweat. Hopefully these minor details are addressed.As for the Modern warfare remastered, I was really looking forward to playing this again..... however sometimes things are way better in your memory than actuallity and I found MWR a bit of a let down, but thats just my personal view.
Terrible. The only good thing about buying Infinite Warfare , is Modern Warfare remastered.Terribly optimized, un-interesting gameplay. Too much spray-n-pray weapons, bad maps..So far, the worst call of duty game made. ( fyi I'm a CoD fan boy since first CoD )..
Refunds... good, good.
Fkin joke game
This is the worst Call of Duty game to date.  Why they continue to make the Call of Duty series worse and worse for each iteration is beyond me!  We need a better game than this!!!
unoptimized game unfinished save your money this is a joke
The remasterd version cod mw is♥♥♥♥♥♥ They could have made alot of money doing this great with dedicated servers and high fps for competetif matches. And made money of skins like CS. but suits they don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥do they.The MP codIW is a cod multiplayer. Good balance suit powers "op super powers on suits"  but its cod /DNice guns like the M1garandNO S&D WTFThe remasters version of codMW could have been an other CSGO but they ♥♥♥♥ed it i don't know how in charge, its like they don't wanna make money ;DBuy the 50$ game, no codMW
...Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ WORST CALL OF DUTY IN HISTORY..only bought it for MW Remastered.
Just bought the game and i can't play i#MoneyWellSpent
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is the next Ghost... DIED on first day. badest cod i have played ever and i never again buy a part of cod!!! Bad GAMEPLAY. Many Bugs. and cheater on first days! best work everi buy again a game thats done to 20% the other maybe come with patches next year. im really mad about this game.BUGS, CHEATER, NO SERVER, NO MODTOOLS, NO CONTROL ABOUT CAMPER = NO COD (i look back to cod 4, that was COD)
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is the next Ghost... DIED on first day. badest cod i have played ever and i never again buy a part of cod!!! Bad GAMEPLAY. Many Bugs. and cheater on first days! best work everi buy again a game thats done to 20% the other maybe come with patches next year. im really mad about this game.BUGS, CHEATER, NO SERVER, NO MODTOOLS, NO CONTROL ABOUT CAMPER = NO COD (i look back to cod 4, that was COD)
I have played COD from the begining.  yea, I am getting old. This Multiplayer doesnt work, not even on the remastered COD. I even bought a new MSI GE72 to play COD. Very disspointed........ I am playing Battlefield 1 with no problems. Wish I wouldnt have spent the money on this game..... The game does run fine in single player but not multiplayer..  :(
I was convinced to get the Deluxe Edition but regret it at this point - however, I cannot fully judge whether or not that is worth it until DLCs start rolling out. As far as I am aware, there have also been no major patches since release, so my performance issues I can push to the side as well (random crashing during any game mode - this is most frustrating when playing online; music just stops entirely).The campaign is where IW stands out for me. This has been the coolest and most fun campaign I've played from the COD series in a long time. There are lots of really cool sci-fi setpieces that are a fun and look amazing. Sound design is awesome. Guns really pop and explosions are nice and loud... I love the sound design in this and hope they take note of this for future iterations. My one gripe about the campaign is when I am all into a part and cross a threshold where it decides to throw a nice big yellow "LOADING..." bar across my screen, it destroys immersion. It pisses me off. Not sure if this is an issue with my hardware not loading things fast enough or if everyone experiences this, but it sucks.The multiplayer feels like it always has for the series. I STRONGLY disagree with the microtransactions in multiplayer. They don't feel too invasive or like they really give too much of an advantage but there is an advantage given. If it were purely cosmetic, I would be okay with it but now, someone who makes enough money to pour into the game can get weapons better than mine right from the start. That's not cool. Multiplayer is already frustrating enough as it is for me (I'm not great at it) without someone having an additional advantage over me. This series is one of the only FPS series where I am absolutely terrible at multiplayer. Maybe it is me, but I'm gonna blame the game.Zombies mode was only  when I played it. I started a public match with 3 other people. 1 left, 1 was AFK, and the other eventually quit when they kept dying. I went on to do around 10 rounds by myself before being overwhelmed by the zombies. I wish there were more maps available in this mode at launch but the one that is there feels pretty robust. It did take a long time to even find other players though and there's really not a lot of people playing IW online even in normal multiplayer compared to several other online shooters.The only other added bonus is the Modern Warfare remaster. I haven't touched it yet other than a multiplayer match (nostalgia told me it would be better than it was) but look forward to playing through that campaign.I wanted to like this game. I want to get my money's worth. I don't think it will happen. What I paid for this could have gotten me Titanfall 2 AND Battlefield 1. I am not happy with my decision to purchase this game and severely regret it. I will not make this mistake again and wish I could get my money back but I am stuck with it now.EDIT: Waiting for 20+ minutes to find a Team Deathmatch game... This occurance is happening more and more as the online player base is getting smaller (I guess). This game is such a rip-off at full price. If you're interested in playing it at all you should wait for a sale - which is not likely to happen with Activision until this game is like 10 years old.
Short as hell and has no replay value though it is a lot of fun.Tons of fun, rivals previous games. Definately the best part of Infinite Warfare.Really buggy, improves on a few things but still can't compete with Black Ops 3 in terms of fluid gameplay and overall quality.I can't endorse this.In this campaign you play as Nick Reyes, a pilot who, after an attack on Earth, becomes captain of the Retribution. While fighting the SDF  the former captain of the Retribution call an order to ram the Olympus Mons  and force them to retreat. After this happens Reyes gets promoted when the captain is found dead. The overall story has a good feel to it and really gets the player pumped up to take the fight to the SDF. The characters all have very good voice acting and have personality that helps immersion. Unfortunately there are some drawbacks to this game's singleplayer experience, first let's talk about the good things.During this campaign you will be flying a ship called a Jackel. Basically this thing is a space faring fighter jet. Customization for this thing is pretty nice, there are 4 slots you can change on it, the Paintjob, Gatling Cannon, Heavy Weapon, Special Equipment. Unfortunately, because you never use the Jackel anywhere but in singleplayer, the paintjob is virtually useless and has no point unless you plan on doing multiple playthroughs. Flying the Jackel is quite easy and takes place in open space, no rails attached. The only time rails are attached is when you enter dogfighting mode when locking onto an enemy ship. The dogfighting here uses the same system as in Ace Combat: Assault Horizon so fans of that game needn't worry about learning anything new.This campaign is the first time in a long time that a CoD has no collectable intel. Somewhat disappointing since these things allowed us access to more of the backstory behind the campaign. They did however replace this with weapon scans, this is essentially the exact same thing as weapon collecting in Battlefield 4.Unfortunately, Infinity Ward did not get the memo that co-op is back in Black Ops 3. While it isn't a dealbreaker, it is disappointing as co-op does add a fair amount of replay value. Not to mention there is nothing to unlock for multiplayer through the campaign, whereas Black Ops 3 had weapon skins and player calling cards for unlock in Zombies and Multiplayer, Infinite Warfare does not.This mode has a lot to offer compared to other games. First lets go over individual aspects...The gameplay is fluid, very nice and there are tons of things to do here. Now I haven't gotten very far, maybe 4/5 power switches but I've explored quite a bit. Firstly the traps are rather funny, between bumper cars running down zombies and a giant dragon head roasting them behind you as you escape through its throat it never gets dull.Weapon customization has made a return in this title and it's a very welcome return. With this you can change how weapons appear when you buy them off of a wall or through the magic wheel. Honestly, I love tossing a laser sight on my shottys with either an extended range or stopping power attachment. The supply drops in this game are the same as Black Ops 3 with a catch. Instead of liquid divinium the player uses keys. These keys are used to open both Zombie Crates and Multiplayer Supply Drops. In order to balance this out, Zombie crates do not differ from multiplayer crates much, you get 2 drops that would normally appear in supply drops plus a Fate & Fortune card pack  which itself drops 3 cards. Weapon variants actually do have a use in zombies. Let me give an example, the Nuke perk in multiplayer give players a game ending nuke strike after a 25 killstreak with that weapon. In zombies however, this same perk turns into a nuke powerup after every 150 zombie kills with said weapon. So each perk has 2 different effects between PVP and PVE.This is where the game is lacking pretty badly, which is pretty sad to say when it comes to a Call of Duty game. The movement while essentially the same as Black Ops 3, is badly implemented and buggy. For example, in Black Ops 3 wallrunning is very fluid and very rarely fails to work, this also applies to the mantling of edges. Unfortunately this is not so in Infinite Warfare, in IW wwallrunning does not like to toggle itself without heavy assistance from the user which results in the death of those who have grown accustomed to the fluid motion of the previous game.Hitboxes have been improved, headshots are headshots and not bodyshots as in Black Ops 3. However this game appears to have changed the mechanics for aiming enough to make you have to fix your sensitivity throughout several matches before being able to play effectively. This isn't a huge issues as it happenes with almost all FPS games.The maps feel very claustraphobic. Wheras they did try to stick to a 3 lane layout, they made many of these lanes far too narrow which creates a bottleneck and inhibits the ability to traverse the map. This creates a pretty bad stalemate when it comes to objective based game modes as Site B becomes an all out warzone while the 2 outer lanes are camped pretty heavily by snipers or LMGs. It all boils down to your team in the end but in my oppinion, the bottlenecking is counterproductive.This was my largest dissappointment with the game for 2 reasons alone. No community hub. Treyarch, in my oppinion, set the standard for quality with Black Ops 3 in this aspect. They incorperated a full community hub into the main menu that allowed us to see what all of our friends were up to. Along with this we could view other player's soldiers and their CoD career screen which gave tons of detailed info on the player. This was a very useful feature that many of us used and still use. Oversimplified. Treyarch again created a very useful menu system with many features and options. Infinity Ward however chose to go with the simple route. There are only 4 options in the main menu with absolutely nothing else. Single Player, Multiplayer, Zombies and Quit Game. Sometimes the simple menu is a good way to go, but in my oppinion they took it to the extreme and omitted many features that would have made it an overall better experience.Now 2 more things I'm going to mention here before I stop this review.There is no Splitscreen that I've seen, I plugged in 2 controllers and no option appeared. This was dissappointing since I enjoy playing splitscreen Zombies and Multiplayer with bots with my roomate.Zombies has a small problem with people Idling for Keys.  As a result these player make the zombies experience annoying. It doesn't make me want to quit, it's just annoying as hell when they join and do nothing but idle while the rest of us are racking up the kills.Now my recomendation is pretty mixed. But I'm going to have to give this game a thumbs down, I bought it knowing what I was getting myself into and I do not regret it. But I can't in all good conciousness recomend this game for the simple fact that everything but the Zombies felt halfâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ I'm sorry to say that iff Sledgehammer manages to put out a turd after Infinite Warfare I'm going to have to favor Treyarch as they seem to actually give a damn about their PC fanbase.
single player is good! multiplayer is.. what multiplayer??? cant review it coz i can't even find a damn match!!!  =(  p2p is so fckin bad!!! eats almost 8gb of vram but graphics isnt any better than battlefield 1!! they gotta fix this sh!t, what a load of crap!
Just dont buy the game.. ModernWarfareRemastered Multiplayer also so â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed terrible optimization - people wallbanging all the time - fps issues with highend gears etc etc. But Zombies better then BO3.
bought this lastnight and WOW!!what a load of crap! CRASH, CRASH, CRASH, not even Optimized....
No Audio from onboard soundcard, external sound card, or from my laptop on Windows 10 64x.Constant connection issues and can't get into any multiplayer matches. Can't refund due to pre-order from Gamestop being a DLC code for steam. Game is currently broken.
Infinite Warfare: MultiplayerCurrently, this game is next to unplayable using a GeForce GTX 970 G1, even with the graphics on the lowest possible setting. Every time I enter any sort of firefight, the FPS drops to crippling speeds. Modern Warfare Remaster: MultiplayerNot even playable. If the map manages to even load, the game is already 30-40 seconds in and then it takes a few seconds for the weapon select screen to go above 1 FPS making selecting a weapon class  very difficult.Once I am finally able to select a goddamn class, i have to endure another 20-25 seconds of 2-3 FPS crap.FIX YOUR GAME!!!
Not sure if multiplayer is broken or its because no one is playing....GG...
There are a massive prob with the arrow keys. its a known problem still release day, but still not fixed now. i think, this should be a high priority for the next patch/update. And it should be soon. Some people plays with arrow keys. and as long us they stuck all the time (WASD works well) this game woul`dt be recommended by me.Kampaign and Story is cool and well done. Not CoD style @ all, but whats wrong  on changes. Not all are worst.
Just a reskin of older titles. Not alot of people playiong either so some of the multiplayer modes have you queing for a while.
Broken... keys are bugged and constant lag
game is garbage. its like ghost 2.0. if i could get my money back i would.
Getting refund. Both MW and IW feel sluggish as hell i would not recommned getting it. The game feels slow pace even tho its fast.  It is not opt well for PC IMO
This game is a sheer disgrace to the shooter genre.If you're interested in getting a brain aneurysm or a thrombotic stroke, this is THE "game" for you. Personally, I'd rather do a line of bleach shots than play this trash again. 2 out of 10.
sucks
can not get it to load the last  2-3 mm on the bar so after 5 atempts i still can not get the game to play even when it says ican play so i can not give  my view on this game
This game runs horrible.  My FPS in multiplayer drops so badly the game comes to a halt on my 1080.  Go buy Titanfall 2 or something.
This game runs horrible.  My FPS in multiplayer drops so badly the game comes to a halt on my 1080.  Go buy Titanfall 2 or something.
While the campaign may be fantastic, so I've heard, the multiplayer is unfinished and unpolished for a 3 year development cycle, though I'm sure they'll release updates... eventually.  It is even infested with cheaters already.  Hopefully Infinity Ward will step up and actively police the cheaters and maintain their anti-cheat.
I bought this game for zombies to play with friends in my dorm.  But there is no split screen on the pc version.  Until they produce this in a patch I wouldn't recommend this because it is not a finished product (split screen is available on PS4 and Xbox one).
Horrible spawns and lots of hackers, have fun.
More people are playing farming simulator 17 than this. It takes me 20mins to get into a zombie game. Everyones playing team deathmatch and because of this, I cannot play any other game modes. This is the begining of the end of COD. BO3 was ok, but this game..... Story is ok and the graphics are pretty good, other than that the online sucks.Only bought this to play MWR, now that games pretty good, will make a review on that soon. 4/10
I was really looking forward to this game,sadly the game is terribly optimized and dips below 40 FPS on my GTX 1080.The multiplayer is just a joke, waiting around 7 mins to find a game just to die over and over because of terrible weapon balance and time to kill. The spawns are just terrible you often find yourself spawn trapped by the enemy team if they are a group of 3 or higher that spray you down with the best weapons from loot boxes which even after reaching level 40 out of 55 I was only able to get 1 off.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port. You have to start single player campaign and wait starting demo before you can access basic game options: like mouse options, graphics options or even get subtitles to cinematic you just spent 5 minutes watching and waiting for subs.. used to have battlefield to do this but CoD joining the bandwagon is♥♥♥♥♥♥
one word.. LAG
Problem 1: Let me start off by saying that this game is literally stutter city. Not even kidding this game has insane lag spikes constantly and my pc is more than capable of running this game yet it stutters like crazy. Problem 2: No split-screenI got this so that i could play with friends at home but iw and mwr don't have split screen sadly. Basic Conclusion:I am super disappointed lol don't waste your time
Broken, until they fix the cache or memory leak after every cut scene that makes you mess around with the display settings until it runs normally again, I can't recommend.
Campaign seemed good, however decided to get a refund from where I bought the game due to the fact that multiplayer and zombies didn't work, tried the numerous 'fixes' suggested to me but none worked.
another poor quality product from infinity ward. refund.permanent mouse accel, 90 fps lock?! which half-wit makes such decisions? you may uninstall him now. fire your marketing dept and try to make a game for gamers, not for sales only.
I'm going to be fair on this game, and post what I do like before I begin on what I don't.Do: The campaign is, despite its tropiness, pretty good. The structuring of it incentivises you to play the side missions for perks which become more and more valuable the higher the difficulty setting. The writing is fairly good, and I actually enjoyed the story and its characters more than I thought it would - for once, a Call of Duty managed to kick me in the feels. Zombies is also phenomenally fun, despite being very familiar, IW have managed to make it a refreshing experience nontheless. Zombies progress also crosses into multiplayer - you can level weapons and earn drops by playing either, without having to grind. Unlike a lot of other players, I didn't have much trouble regarding frame rate performance.Don't: The multiplayer is an incredibly frustrating experience. For some ungodly reason, Infinity Ward decided to base it upon Peer-To-Peer hosting as if this were 2004 all over again. This means that most matches are affected by a noticable degree of lag, and the lag compensation will have you tearing your hair out as players appear and kill you instantly. Both of these are massive deal breakers - Dedicated Servers should be a minimum requirement for PC gaming, and excessive lag compensation gives an unfair advantage to laggier players. Furthermore, although micro-transactions are not included in the game as of this moment, the system is clearly designed for their addition later on, like Black Ops 3. The maps have horrible spawn-killing problems, and the advanced movement only exascerbates this problem. Finally, I think the weapon system - where players can unlock more powerful variants of weapons through crafting or supply drops - will switch off new players, due to the majority of players being overpowered in comparison. Even on launch night, players were dominating matches with rare weapon variants.These issues mean as much as they do because COD's biggest appeal is its multiplayer. I want to like this game, I really do, but the sad fact of the matter is that this is a mediocre COD game at best, and a nearly-unplayable mediocre COD game at worst.
Decent game.Currently Unplayable.
Completely awful port, no effort put into the multiplayer whatsoever it simply stutters and lags constantly, the campaign is okay but again the lack luster attempt at a port shows just how little they care. And the cod4 remaster is just not good, if you enjoy cod4 just keep playing the original.
Worst call of duty game ever. I regret buying this game and having faith infinity ward wasn't crap.
Titanfall 2 better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥
i got bored half way through the second mission and it runs like garbage
I can honestly say that Im done with call of duty, Im 17 hours in (compare that to my 200+ hours I have in BO3) and I already do not care to play this game anymore...I don't even have an urge to want to play this game at all. I think its safe to say my cod days are done and I have uninstalled Infinite Warfare and will play Gears of war 4 instead and might pick up BF1 and/or TF2 in December.The only thing I liked about IW was its campaign which I honestly enjoyed but, IW's multiplayer just feels like a crappy version of BO3's and is a big reason I cannot Recommend this game.Infinite Warfare: 5 out of 10 (Enjoyable singleplayer campaign but, the game overall is painfully average at best)
The game already has hackers and performance issues.Modern Warfare is fun doe.
everything about this game is bad. game was rushed the adjustments from after the beta has destroyed the game. the game is poorly optimised and lags even at 60fps it acts more like 10fps... disconnect nearly every lobby you join. dont waste your money on this game its crap.
Great campain♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayerPointless game only good for mw remasterd
♥♥♥♥♥do not buy, console port only 90 FPSMWR same thing laggy and terrible
Could not complete singpleplayer. Too borring and way to much sci fi.
The Story of the Campain was decent, nicely done, other then that, zombies was really laggy sometimes often crashes, multiplayer is stupid, mostly pay to win, sometimes hackers that ♥♥♥♥ with the gameplay, not really woth the money to play this trash game.
ABOSLUTER HORSE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND ALREADY DEAD I MEAN FOR GODS SAKE MORE PEOPLE ARE PLAYING FARMING SIMULATOR 2017 RIGHT NOW DONT BUY OR REFUND BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
Absolute pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ if i wanted to play halo i would of bought Halo, jumping around like a ♥♥♥♥ing bunch of morons, seriously infinity ward need to go kill themselves.
Don't buy it! Don't buy it! Don't buy it! This game is full of cheaters now, u run they headshot u, u shoot they headshot u, you hide they headshot u, aimbot everywhere, this game is dead already!! Just don't buy it, trust me you will regret for buying it!!!!Shall we change the tag of this game to be "call of hacks"? this game has good single player game, but the multiplayer game is aweful, first, the models of characters in multiplayer game are ugly, very very ugly comparing with Black ops 3, female model only changes the voice, this is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. second, the sounds of weapons when firing are unbelievable, in a bad way, every time when I fire the gun, I feel very uncomfortable. Third, the game now doesn't have anti-cheating tools(VAC), the game now is full of wallhackers and aimbots, I don't understand why some people even recommend this game when they play multiplay game, how can you have fun with a game full of hackers? Here is Youtube address for u if you don't believe there are hackers in this game . (if u can't open this youtube address, just search IW cheat on Youtube, the first one is what I said). Anyway, don't buy this game with 60 Euro!! I believe this game will be dead in 6 months, buy it at 50% discount or just watch youtube for single player game, please just unlike this game so maybe, there is a tiny chance the developers can see that the hackers are destorying the game!
I have not tried one of the CoD titles since MW3, and thought that after a long time it would be worth revisiting the series again to see how it was faring.The added bonus of bundling MW:Remastered in, meant to me, that one way or another I would be getting atleast one game I would enjoy, as I did enjoy MW.After a mere hour of playing I have deemed this game close to unplayable. There are 2 highly apparant reasons for this:1) Multiplayer lobbies are virtually empty, there is a plethora of game modes to choose from however there is simply not enough players to support it.After trying classic TDM, Gun Game, Search and Destroy, Big Battles (can't remember exact name) and one game mode where you always spawn at base or something, I was forced to wait 10 minutes to even find a compatible lobby, and all attempts resulted in the lobby being close or failed host migration. The only lobby I was successfully able to join was 24/7 Terminal. (One map, forever, only, horray!).2) Aim Assist - Let me stress this, this is the absolute WORST to have in a PC game.At first it felt like enemies were taking me out with a single or sometimes 2 bullets firing from thier guns, but mine was taking half a mag. Many of the killcams revealed to me that I was getting killed by short range SMG type weapons.I noobed up, and asked in game chat was anyone experiencing this, expecting to hear some sort of lag issue, but no..."They are using  gamepads" was the response.After chatting and learning that if you use a gamepad, the game has aim assist, I plugged in my Xbox360 Controller, Enabled it in game and gave it a shot.Suprise, suprise, my cursor was snapping onto bodies when close, and tracking the target to some degree. In came the double and triple kills absolutely no problem.Aim Assist has no place on PC. It does not belong. If people want to play with a controller in multiplayer FPS, they should play on console.If this does not bother you, and you DO want to play with a controller, then I urge you to get it for a console, not because of my bias however, because of the much higher player count the console has.
horrible serversworst servers since bo31month after release ..and......no one online
#WeWantBootsOnTheGround
I bought this for COD Modern Warfare Remastered. It's broken. Mouse sensitivty is managed like a controllers sensitivity. Guns are broken. Every gun in the game can compete with snipers at far distance... Over all just another broken pc port like always. Don't waste $80 on this for pc. If you really want to play and you have a ps4 or xbox one buy it for that... As a conclusion cod on pcâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥as always... Connection, Weapon Damage, kill time, and basically everything is broken. Not to mention only like 6,000 people even bought it.....
This game is the second worst call of duty ever made. If you like Halo and Free to Play shooters this is the game for you. Its a bunch of 9 year olds rocket jumping around the map with lazer guns. The zombies is the only ok thing about this game. If you havent bought it yet dont, Spend the money on a hooker or something or go stick yourâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥in a pile ofâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥becuase thats what this game is.
This game is simply very bad in multiplayer, can't touch anything, always lagging or simply not working properly...I would go back to black ops 3 if it wasn't crippled by overpowered weapons  like Dingo (half players using Dingo)The solo campaign is more like half a Mass Effect than a COD game...can I get a refund?February 2017 : Connections issues are not as bad as they were and the game is playable now...Spoke too soon, now it's back to  lagging all the time after the last upate (14 feb) Makes me rage again and think that it's a damn waste of moneyBut now, half of tthe games are ruined by cheaters and it doesn't seem Activision or whoever does anything about it...(and since it's not connected to Steam in terms of players - yo udon't have access to the steam accounts names and Steam doesn't "see" hte players in a game, yo ucan't ask steam to ban anyone) Seems they did everything they could to kill and burry the COD license this timeWILL NOT BUY THE NEXT COD for sure unless they get back to basics with dedicated servers and no superpowers, rayguns and walking on walls
Doesn't even have the COD feeling while playing it, not to mention all the other stuff (uberjumping, ridiculous maps, senseless weapons).
I just requested a refund for this game on Steam.Besides the constant game crashing, the game is laggy and has design issues, there is hackers in every game lobby, you get kicked off friends lobbies randomly, over all it's the worst game in this franchise and the fact that people are hacking this game just within 24 hrs of release is not my idea of a fun game anymore. COD is dead to me at this point.The only way I will ever return to this franchise is when and if they ever give us private dedicated servers.Look, starting with Activision, Infinity Ward, and even Steam, they are all so â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥, they can make so much money by renting out dedicated servers to legit game clans that will be willing to pay $15-20 monthly, and will in fact pay it, just to keep these punk hackers off their lobbies so they can enjoy their favorite game.This will never stop unless the true legit gamers do something about it, and stop buying these hack infected games.
It sucks. 3/10 if you want a good FPS SinglePlayer or Multiplayer game just get Titanfall 2 or Battlefield 1. And if you want a good COD game, Black ops 3 is alot better for the price.
unoptimized games dead no one plays dlc and mwr is broken also dont waste your money on this
The same♥♥♥♥♥♥like Ghosts...Time for Battlefield 1 !!!!The bigger♥♥♥♥♥♥i have ever seen...I dont have see game with to many cheaters...Not recommend it.
"Review" is for CoD 4 Remastered Version only.Didn't even touch Infinite Crapfare. The Zombie Mode is fun tho, but nothing new.For now "NO". Can't even Refund it...at least I've got it for 50 bucks.- random fps drops- 4 out of 5 times, Server disconnect- laggy as hell- the "CoD Kids" Community (like the old days) is still the same This Game will be good with:- Mods- Dedicated ServersThat's all.
I feel like it's a downgrade from black ops 3. I requested a refund first then cancelled to give it another try but I don't like this game. It's dark, and everthing feels so heavy.  Also, this game looks like the cheap version of, compared to, titanfall 2. I requested a refund. I rather keep plaing black ops 3 and use $59.99 for something else.
I'll start this review by saying that I liked BO3 a lot. The SP wasn't so great, but the MP is a lot of fun, despite its technical flaws.IW is the other way around: the SP is actually pretty enjoyable. Of course it uses the standard CoD formula, so there are no surprises there and the flinch/red-screen mechanics can get frustrating. But it has a decent story, nice characters and interesting missions.Now, onto the MP, what most ppl buy CoD for. The MP is a pure disaster, it is literally unplayable on PC. Infinite Warfare uses the old Quake 3 Engine (I kid you not!), albeit heavily modified. Still, the PC port is horrendous. It uses way to many resources. For maximum texture quality for example, you need 8GB of VRAM on 1080p if you don't want to suffer from heavy frame spikes. The CPU usage is so bad, it can bottleneck your entire systemThe frame rate is capped at 91 FPS and the mouse aiming is tied to your frame rate, meaning if your frame rate fluctuates your aiming will change. They don't use dedicated servers, but a peer-to-peer system with a 15 tick-rate, resulting in horrible lag and frustration.It feels like a badly made game from the late 90s and I honestly can't understand how any self-aware programmer can release such a bad piece of software. Maybe all the talented people at infinity Ward left for Respawn?TL;DR: SP is decent, but not worth the money, standard CoD gameplay. MP is so bad, it hurts. DO NOT BUY!
I didn't buy the game for the infinite warfare part of teh game, only for the remaster which is unfortunately a half baked product at best. Terrible port with lag/rubber banding/fps issues, possible p2p multiplayer(not certain but feels like it with one godlike player in every match), buggy video options, random 10 minute timeouts halfway into loading a map forcing you to task manager if you dont wat to wait all day to get into a game.I dont get why you would release a slightly upgraded but ultimately 9 year old product in such a fashion...Oh and for the record i tried the main game briefly and it crashed as soon as i tried to change video settings, depsite me having a freshly installed 75.70 nvidia driver. when i did get into a game i was bored to tears by the jumpy, jumpy, overly fast gameplay, and utterly generic looking weaponry. And simply too much going on...not to mention the continuation of dire 3 lane map design. Its a shame then as COD4 done right makes this look like the trash game it really is.Standards are dropping is my conclusion, and have been for a while.
The campaign was really good and enjoyable but the multiplayer is suffering from bad time to kill and time to die.You need to put in around 10 bullets to kill but die from 2-3 bullets and needs to be fixed quickly! Zombies is also good and fun, but for most people (including me) the multiplayer is the most important and needs alot of fixing before I can recommend it.So in conclusion wait before you buy it, but I'm sure that when they fix it, it will be well worth it if you like bo3 and mw2 and good campaigns.
another lag comp of duty game with no seta max ping so you join players with 2mb per sec from wa and you have 60mb but they still win every gun battle and see you first aids
First off, I'm not an active CoD player. I've played CoD 2, MW, and blops. I have somewhere around 1500 hours played in MW. I've skipped the rest, because they either lacked features I wanted or I wasn't interested in the setting.I play a lot of FPS - or games related to FPS; Arma, Battlefield, Dirty Bomb, Squad, Insurgency to name a few multiplayer titles.Some of these games have features that enable communities to form, some don't. Some don't really even need it. I've always liked having a server browser for dedicated servers. You end up getting to know the people who frequent the same servers as you. You'll gravitate towards servers that offer a good environment for your playstyle. None of that can happen in these lobby games, that's one of the reasons I didn't buy MW2.Performance, both games do well. I am running on an i5 3570k and GTX 770 (2GB) and getting solid 60 fps with high settings. There are some drops in IW, maybe 2-3 per match, but I can live with that, since I'm exceeding the recommended settings by a good margin. MW:RM on the other hand runs smooth. It's probably one of the best running games I've played in a while.Both games lack server browsers and run on matchmaking. MW:RM at least tells you how much of the playerbase is playing the mode you pick, IW doesn't. You might just sit there, all alone waiting for a match to start, because nobody else comes along. The playerbase is ridiculously small, and due to the lobby system and it being tied to specific game modes, fractured. I haven't been able to play a single match of zombies. I've been thrown into lobbies with me being level 10 and everyone else above 40. Lobbies suck - there's no way around it. MW:RM doesn't have a server browser, either, and they've removed some of the gamemodes. IW movement does feel a little sluggish. It's supposed to be fast paced, boosters and wall running and what have you, but MW is still faster. You feel like a turret strapped to a jetpack. The singleplayer setting is great, the characters are somewhat interesting and it all looks just about as fantastic as an engine that is 20 years old might put out. So no, I wouldn't recommend this game. I might add, that if they added server browsers, I would. Maybe even tweaked the movement a little. But we all know neither of those things are going to happen, move along.
Change can be a good thing. For a series that comes out like clockwork on an annual basis like Call of Duty, if you played one you knew what expect for the most part the next year, and the next, and so on. The repetition brings comfort on one hand, but makes you question why to even bother on the other. Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare makes some big changes to the established formula. Some of them work and lead to pleasant surprises, but the core gameplay still feels old and some design choices are just hot garbage.   The immediate, striking shift is the overall genre the game sets itself in; this isn't historical, modern, or near future combat. Infinite Warfare goes all in with it's science fiction theme, where spaceship design is ripped straight out of Aliens and Halo, and the Mass Effect inspirations don't even attempt to be subtle. I enjoy sci-fi so I am perfectly fine with the setting, and it's commendable how the game remains grounded for the most part despite the interplanetary travel. Ship to ship combat is treated as naval warfare, and once your boots are on solid ground it's still corridor shooting and setpieces, just with the added complications and tactical options zero gravity environments and the vacuum of space allows. Infinite Warfare remains the “Hoo Rah!”, Michael Bay, action movie the Call of Duty series is known for, they just took it to the stars. It's essentially Tom Clancy's Star Wars.   The campaign is an enjoyable, seven or eight hour experience that has enough variety to keep it interesting. It looks incredible. The polished, big budget, other-worldly landscapes, the blackness of space, and the cutting edge facial and motion capturing of the characters can be breathtaking. There are plenty of convincing environmental details and effects that sell the levels, although that attention to realism can lead to clutter that gets in the way of the gameplay. The smoke and shadows and rubble look great, but trying to pick out the slightly different colored enemy from that static can be difficult; they don't really pop out in any helpful way. I often found myself relying on looking for muzzle flashes or waiting to get shot first and following the damage indicator rather than taking the initiative. You could say their camouflage is effective, I guess, but I ended up shooting my allies almost as much as the opposition.   The story is throwaway, Saturday morning cartoon, overly simplistic bubblegum fluff. The bad guys are real villains that want power, and your side is fighting for freedom and everything good about humanity. The patriotic, PG-13 plot stands in stark contradiction to this really grim, dark tone that runs parallel throughout the game. One minute you're stifling groans from the cheesy tropes of an inspirational speech before a big battle or a robot having human emotions, then the next you're watching a graphic depiction of your squadmate's head being stomped on like a melon and his brains becoming a pile of meat. For whatever reason the split personality, dual nature ends up working really well. It's whimsical and grimy, and I kind of dug it.   When you're on the ground doing the traditional Call of Duty, linear shooting thing the game feels dated. Wallrunning and boosting feels sluggish, and the enemy AI is robotic and predictable (and not just the robots). If you reload a checkpoint you're guaranteed to see the same exact scenarios play out, the enemy placement is the same and they'll hide behind the same pieces of cover and react in the same manner, so it becomes a game of memorization. It's old school FPS design, and not in a good way. Fortunately, that's not all you'll be doing. The zero gravity fights are at least interesting as you can grapple to asteroids to take cover or perform some brutal melee kills. When you board ships it's quite the spectacle being able to shoot out windows and see dozens of bodies get sucked out into the void of space. Then there's the ship to ship combat, which almost feels like a completely different game. You can outfit your fighter with a few different options, but it's not a particularly deep dog fighting system. Most of the space/aerial combat boils down to locking on enemies and being auto-piloted toward them, with you just having to worry about fine aim and launching missiles. It's functional and fun for what it is; the Call of Duty of arcade space combat.   So the campaign is okay; certainly not the best FPS campaign out there, but it tries some new things and succeeds more often than not. Then I tried the multiplayer, the meat and potatoes of the series. It sucks. The perk/upgrade/crafting system must be aimed at long time annual players, because I found it to be a confusing mess. Presented with an overwhelming amount of options I tried my hardest to slow down and read the descriptions of each perk and attachment, but the information given is so vague and convoluted it's pretty much useless. There are shops to go to for crafting, and keys to open chests to unlock loot crates to upgrade weapons that have their own levels, but you still have to reach a certain level to use some of them. Not your faction level, your player level, or maybe your “Rig” level... Then I'm playing and I get a message saying my Claw is ready... and I have no idea what that is or how to use it, and the button prompts are wrong anyway if I did. What the ♥♥♥♥ is all this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just give me a gun and let's go.   Maybe it would be worth the hours it would take to decrypt all of that garbage if the core gameplay was any good, but it's really not. The maps are all woefully simple, boring, circular designs that somehow still manage to encourage camping and sniping, so the movement abilities that feel bad to use anyway are more or less moot. The respawn system is a joke, often placing you a foot away from multiple enemies with no invulnerability, so the spawn/die cycle is alive and well. Most of the persistent Call of Duty issues are still here, like snowballing kill streaks, questionable latency, abusable abilities, nonexistent balancing... all of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with none of the fun the previous games provided. It just looks, plays, and feels like crap.   As decent as the campaign is, I can't recommend Infinite Warfare on that mode alone. While there is a good amount of content in the game, and it's refreshing to have a complete, functional product that's basically three games in one, two thirds of it is awful. And the big one, the multiplayer that would have provided the most replayability, is borderline unplayable. Kudos for the ambition and taking chances, but the main course stinks.
Good But I Would Still Prefer Black Ops 3 ....And Zombies Are Weird :)
Terrible game. So much false in it. just dont buy it. Makes you really appreciate ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BO3.
For the same price you have BF1.EDIT FOR ALL THE COMENTS THAT I RECIVED:I said bf1 for example. u have a lot of other games...better games for 60€. There is a lot of them, but if u really want to "waste" the money in this game, its ok im not gonna discuss how u have to spend it.  Search videos before buying, make sure u will like it, because if its not, u are gonna lose 60€.And in response to the comment that said "u actually have it", i dont own this game. i used the Steam Family Sharing with a friend ( a very good way to test a game before buying it btw). Im not that dumb to pay that amount of money for a game that probably im not going to enjoy.Make CoD great again.
classic CoD cancer. running around like idiot on speed. sliding and jumping around while spraying submachineguns from the hip, or sitting in a corner doing some sick sniper xXxQuickscopeSNIPAxXxkillZzZz, while some 12 y/o scream around insulting everybody.
It took me 5 minutes to find a lobby, 3 to get a feel for the mechanics and setting, and 1 to exit and refund.
Somehow even worse than both the online reviews and the trailer made it look.Minus infinity/2 expectation points
Well the graphics are par for the Call of Duty course so nothing special, probably worse than blops3. MP is capped at 90fps which kinda sucks but is playable. Certain maps don't run at the full 90 however... Why? No idea. I can run BF1 (which has FAR BETTER GRAPHICS, BIGGER MAPS AND MORE PEOPLE IN THE GAME) @120fps+ with higher settings with no dips or drops. This is not the worst part. The worst part is mouse controls. Never have I played a pc game where the mouse felt this bad. Ever. I spent 30minutes reading tutorials trying to get this game playable (mouse moving like ANY OTHER FPS ON PC) but it's just not...I played tons of MW awaiting the remaster. I've played every CoD religously since CoD 2 (I played console until blops 2 but bought some of the old ones for fun). This game is a joke. I look forward to CoD every year for the past 10 years and buy it without hesitation. Until this year. After BLOPS2 this series has gone far, far downhill. What used to be something that consumed my life is now something that I can barely stand to play. I can go back and play MW, MW3, BLOP2 and still have a great time if there is anyone on (blops2). There is not a single great thing about this game, there are a lot of really bad things though. If you are into really bad games this is a great choice. I am refunding,
At this point in time I cannot recommend this game.  I've had it since day 1 and steam says I've played for 2hours, but thats just the ammount of time I have devoted to trying to fix it.  I haven't seen the in-game graphics, haven't played the campaign, multiplayer, or zombies.  In one way or another each part of this 'game' crashes, freezes, or just refuses to load.
ummm no ... and this is for both IW and MwR  because they both suck on pc ... they completely skipped the part where you have a team to actualy TEST the game before releasing it ...
the game is not working ?_?
The game is not optimised for PC, the gameplay is very boring and has extremly decent content.The multiplayer is almost empty, and MW remasterd is even emptier.. I Refunded my purchase after 3 hours of playing :(
This is a bad game, and more importantly a bad CoD. I've played them all, and I liked them ALL, (yes even Ghosts) so trust me when I say this one is terrible. Most of the negative stuff that's said about a CoD game is exaggerated by the community, but not this time.I didn't want to hate this game like most of the people reviewing it, but I can't help it. It's backwards, unfinished, and simply doesn't work, even at the most fundamental level. It seems Infinity Ward can't even get the basics of point, shoot, and die right this time.Do not buy, even if you buy it every year.
This game doesnt work-I cant get into a muliplayer match-The campagin freezes in the first loading screen so i can't even play that-zombies makes the game crash-Exiting from the muliplayer menu makes the main menu freeze-Couldn't change video options in the mulitplayer menu without the game freezingThank god i only bought this for the Remaster, (which works nearly flawlessly)
Aka Cliché/Cheesy NPC death simulator.Seriously, this story has a lot of potential but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are the deaths and pacing throughout a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. So many of the notable NPC deaths are so hilariously forced on you. They range from the classic/predictable sacrificing myself when I could easily accomplish the objective and survive to “move sir enemy ship, let me push you out of the way while I continue to stand in the open for no reason just so I can die for the sake of the story”. This♥♥♥♥♥♥was laughable throughout. How am I supposed to care for these characters whatsoever when my interaction with them is limited as is, then they die in almost no time at all it feels and then finally their death is predictable as hell and sometimes just absolutely ridiculous. It feels so forced. The pointless side missions are also a pretty big letdown. They offer very little to the story and in the end effect nothing. Waste of time IMO.I bought this game to play the campaign as I heard it was quite good. However, it was tainted with the nonsense I stated earlier that just gives it an empty feeling at the end. The multiplayer is whatever but honestly don’t even bother with it. It would do better as a movie with some significant character changes.
multiplayer is trash like bo3zombies in spaceland is coolcod 4 pretty cool
This game is just bad. It's only been out a week, and there's already virtually no one left to play with.Everything it does somewhat well is just rehashed from black ops 3, but it's map design isn't even close. There are already hackers, and the lack of a server browser and the low player count means you can't leave (you'll just get put back in the same game) and you can't report a player until after the game has ended. So when there's a hacker, they just change their name during the loading screen and you can't report them. I highly doubt this game will have anyone playing it within a month. Save your money. Get BF1 or titanfall 2. Or just treat yourself to a nice dinner. It's much less likely to leave a bad taste in your mouth.
Its sickening what they have done here. Split the player base now there is no one to play with. I paid $80 just to relive S&D Hardcore, and I cant even get one game in 3 days into release.
Honestly, not worth it. Save your money and stay on Black Ops 3.
Infinite warfare has one good thing: The CampaignModern Warfare: Remastered sucks because Activision is too stupid to sell it seperately so now the playerbase is lacking on all consoles. TL;DR Don't buy even if you want Modern Warfare Remastered until Activision comes to their senses and realize nobody will buy Infinite Warfare to get Modern Warfare Remastered. Even then, don't buy Infinite Warfare: By far the weakest in the series.Edit: No this is not a bias towards hate on the Futuristic double-jump versions of COD. I actually enjoyed Black Ops 3. Infinite Warfare has by far the weakest multiplayer I have seen.
Alot of lobby crashes... Aiming down the sites destorys frame rate to the point your playing on a delay... just too much of a pain to play this
Can't even join a game of zombies, freezes constantly when i change settings, can't even get into a multiplayer lobby. 10/10 would not reccomend
BUMMIEST EXPERIENCE EVER... this game is terribly optimized, countless problems, the whole ♥♥♥♥ing screen is a clutter, dont even get me started. i cant even launch moden warfare remestered multiplayer because it freezes( doesnt crash it just freezes like a maniken wtf forvever) this is not worth 80 bucks if you bought this you are a fool like me ♥♥♥♥ the develeper stick to bo2 and 3
BUMMIEST EXPERIENCE EVER... this game is terribly optimized, countless problems, the whole ♥♥♥♥ing screen is a clutter, dont even get me started. i cant even launch moden warfare remestered multiplayer because it freezes( doesnt crash it just freezes like a maniken wtf forvever) this is not worth 80 bucks if you bought this you are a fool like me ♥♥♥♥ the develeper stick to bo2 and 3
Infinite WarfareStory: 9/10Online: Fail/10Zombies: why does this exists? / 10Buy only for story mode. Call of Cuty Modern Warfare remasteredStory Clasic!/10Online the same s*it as todays CoD MP minus wall running, jetpacks and all of futuristic bull****/10                                                                             Please god help us all...
I wanted to give out a mixed review but Steam does not allow me to do so.For Infinite Warfare Campaign:The gameplay feels pretty awesome as long as you have an open mind towards the franchise. Graphics are pretty good, and optimization in SP is nice. There are a lot of meaningless walking between the missions, and some people may find it annoying.Story is a bit weak and  What were those writers thinking when writing?The story at the end was overwhelmingly stupid,  and this is why I want to give it a negative review as I cannot give a mixed one.For Modern Warfare Remastered Campaign:This is how you remaster a game.A masterpiece. Everything besides the story has been improved. Better graphics, new animations, enriched details, change of sounds, etc.Optimization is awesome, constant 60fps @1080p on ultra with 200% render. i5-6600k, 16gb ram, GTX 1070, SSD, and the fps counter on the top left corner in-game shows around 180 - 220fps, FYI. No stutter nor drop. Perfectly smooth.The only downside is the absence of FOV slider in SP. There is FOV slider in the MP for sure, but it is beyond me why dev did not include it in SP. Is it that hard to do so? Now the default FOV is so small that it makes me feel sick. I had to try 10 times to get past 15.1s on Cargoship solo CQB test because I just bumped into the last door frame over and over thanks to the fov.I play neither multiplayer nor zombie mode so I cannot provide any information on those.
Campaign mode  is a step backwards.   No strategy, just point and shoot.  And that's not even that fun.  The guns are a joke, they all pretty much feel the same.  Turn a corner, doh, there's an enemy that wasnt' there before to shoot you point blank.    Or, an enemy jumps behind a structure, you go round the structure to ambush him and, doh, he's disappeared.  Really, the mechanics are from 10 years ago.   Pathetic.
They took Black Ops 3... then broke everything.  Don't waste your money.
K , activision i already got u a new title for the next Call of Duty.. , CALL OF DUTY: STAR WARS WARFARE , how that sound?
IW is the worst cod I have ever touched. And COD 4 RM has too many problems for me to even consider playing anymore. Stuttering issues, poor connection issues, and the game is dead. Why would I only want to play tdm and dom 24/7? Domination doesnt even get full lobbies every time. Dont waste your money on this junk. A minor developing team could've made a better game than this.
Pros:-Best campaign for COD to date. COD Single-player is all about the spectacle, and this one doesn't shy away from it.-Zombies is way more accessible this time around. It includes a ton of tips in the menu, and the maps have arrows that literally point you in the right direction to get you started. Not being a heavy zombie player, this may actually be the first COD I'll say "I'm only playing this for zombies."-Introduces a classic-tier of weapons that include weapons from previous COD's: Glock 18 pistol, M1 Garand, OSA, SPAS 12, Intervention Sniper Rifle, and UMP45). Kind of cool to see I guess.-Impressive soundtrack.Cons: The 2 biggest problems plaguing this game are the inconsistent frames and performance issues and overall weapon balance.1.) Performance: What good is a game if you can't run it? For me, I had no game-breaking issues WHILE playing. Most stemmed from frame drops during loading (which is expected) or during a multiplayer lobby (unexpected, down to 10fps for some reason, rare). Mouse movement is supposedly weird, producing a mouse-acceleration-like effect (treated by VSYNC until addressed) and frame drops plague this game just like in Ghosts.2.) Gun Balance. Just like BO3 on release, this game suffers from a gun balance problem. Yes, SMG's continue to dominate most scenarios and I reckon it will be fixed with time. There’s a saying: A weapon is only as dangerous as the man wielding it. Infinite Warfare basically reverses that: A man is only as dangerous as the weapon he wields. You can have the highest K/D in town, but this is one of those games where if you’re not using “X_WEAPON” with “X_ATTACHMENT” and “X_PERK” you are basically screwing yourself. And the biggest difference here between Infinite Warfare and BO3 are the added benefits of weapon variants stacking with attachments. I can't count the amount of times I looked at a kill-cam and see a controller-wielding scrub using hip-fire/laser-sight. I've never been this tilted since Advanced Warfare's AFK shield-wearing players started filling up lobbies. I even found myself refusing to aim-down sight FOR SCIENCE, and found I did a better job hip-firing players. The guns look pretty, but it ain’t fun to shoot em. You’re either underpowered or VERY overpowered.3.) Gimmicks: -Salvage economy: It's way to grindy to get enough salvage to obtain the weapon variants in the "Prototype lab" that's actually good. You can also pray to RNGesus....yeah.-No real personality to the Combat Rigs. Black Ops 3 spoiled us with voice actors/actresses, in-game voice taunts, and actual faces you can see. Infinite Warfare strips all that away and basically gives you a masked tank doing hand gestures. No voices at all. Whooptydoo. For some this may not be a big deal, but coming from Black Ops 3 or even Ghosts for that matter, there's just no face or real personality to the player you're controlling and it just doesn't make you want to care for this online persona you're controlling. Oh and the best part,  so God help you if you get caught with it, because there aint no way to CANCEL OUT OF IT LOL. You're in hip-fire mode the entirety of it.-The Remastered COD4 is the biggest gimmick since No Man's Sky . Anyone with a competent mind who bought COD 4 back in the day learned how to mod the game to use high-res skins. Granted this time around you have remastered sounds, new weapon models (which look sick), and new lighting, the novelty wears off after a few missions in Single-Player or a few matches in multiplayer. The age just starts to show itself like a cartoon scenario of Batman's Ras Al'Ghul and the Lazarus pit: You can coat a game in new paint all you want, but it'll eventually show its ugly age. I'm really not surprised or that disappointed, since I wasn't one of the people going HURR HURR IM ONLY BUYING THIS FOR COD4/IM ONLY BUYING IT IF THEY SEPARATE COD 4 FROM INFINITE FAGFARE HUEHUE.They even added a firing range, Advanced-Warfare style for COD 4 Remastered multiplayer, which in my opinion, is SO out of place because it's the WORST game to put it on, logically. Infinite Warfare should have it, when you consider all the weapon variants its flaunting. "Missed opportunity" would be an understatement.Other missed opportunities:1.) 90FPS CAPPED Multiplayer for Infinite Warfare AND Remastered. (Both have an FOV slider at least)2.) No ping NUMBERS, just PING BARS (really?)3.) Currently no anti-cheat (really??)I actually found myself reinstalling Black Ops 3, and that's not something I did with Advanced Warfare when Black Ops 3 came out. That's how little faith I have in the replayability of Infinite Warfare.I kinda want next year to come already and be done with this year's COD. Hopefully Sledgehammer don't drop the ball. RIG:CPU: i7-4790k @ 4.4Ghz CPU Cooler: Corsair H60 Liquid Cooler HD: Samsung SSD 840 PRO 512GB, 500GB Hitachi HDD RAM: 16GB Crucial BallistiX GPU: MSI GTX 1070 8GB ARMOR X OC Monitor: BENQ XL2420te @144hz, 1ms Sound Card: Creative Sound Blaster Z Mouse: Steelseries Sensei PRO Headset: Sennheiser PC 363d Keyboard: Logitech G710+ Misc: Nvidia 3D Vision 2 Kit
Campaign: I DON'T GIVE A FLYING WABBAJACK HOW GUD IT MIGHT BE, ITLL NEVER BE AS DANK AS THE OTHER MW NOT EVEN THE BLACK ♥♥♥♥ SERIES. I WILL NEVER PLAY IT BC IF I WANTED TO PLAY NO MANS SKY WITH GUNS I'D PLAY BORDERLANDS THE PRE-SEQUEL!!!Multiplayer: I love infinity ward i really do, I thought even with the G@y AF jetpack BS it would still have that MW charm...NOPE!!!This Beta has more frame rate drops then a Skrillex Concert and looks worse then MW remastered.Servers are so♥♥♥♥♥♥ that you think Dark souls 2 PvP has better Net Code, Theres not even an Anti-Cheat system so have fun with Mr.Antifun Trainers (Google it for free Trainers).Zombies: Atleast the zombies they did pretty ♥♥♥♥kking Gud in for there first time at the gamemode, and it seems like they actually put some time and effort into it unlike G@yarchs lazy a$$ (Plus theres David Hasselhoff).7 Reasons why most people hate COD: Infinite Welfare.1. No Kevin spacey.2. No Eminem Rap Cover like other iw made cod (Even ghosts had one lmao).3. No new dog models (No Doggo period).4. No dank Drill Sergeant or Snoop Dog pack5. This Beta is makes friends become enemies bc when on the steam store page for this Beta and you see one of your autistic friends "wants this game" you have to kill them/ unfriend them (Im looking at you The Real Dank Meme)6. This sad excuse for an Alpha costs more than Skyrim SE like WTF!?!??!?!7. All the females in this Tech-Demo are flat as a Home Depot Card board-1088/420 Mountain Dew Doritos                                                        -Angry Joe
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N G HOORIBLE GAME!!!! JESUS DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY TRUST ME THE MODERN WARFARE IS BETTER THEN THE GAME AND MW ISNT WORTH  80 BUCKS!!!!!!!
It took me 2 hours to install.It took me 10 seconds to uninstall.
This game at first was not bad sounding but just playing it slightly you can tell it is not COD.
this absolutely insane rremasterrrd is terrible evenn with lowest res annd lowest setting cannt even hit 60 frames constant dips in the 10-20fps making it unplayable, nnot to mention multiplayer is dead not a single person is playing it. Thanks steam support for denying my rrefund request ill make surre to buy all my games through♥♥♥♥♥now.Pros-NoneCons-no mod tool-frames capped at 90 (if you even can get 90)-console port-servers are a lag fest-serious compatibility problems even for high end systems
Console port, bad mouse settings, I had to remove antivirus to get into a game. It felt like Call of duty ghost all over again but this time I can atleast get steam refund.
IW cons: -90 fps lock which cant be disabled-Random framedrops-Input lagg-mouse support is very bad-gameplay is like bo3 but worsePros:-MWR comes with it.
Bad just bad. I was looking forward to MW4 Remastered, but thy changed it from official servers and now runs with peer to peer. Damn what a real let down and making a good game bad. Call it MW4 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead, because this is a chame for one of the best FPS games that has ever been created. And when it comes to Infinite War, it is just a another sad story on how bad modern shooters has become.
The Call of Duty series has now turned into a "Who can make a worse game" competition. To save you the time on waiting for your refund, don't even attempt to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Upon release, the optimization of this game is horse sh*t. They expect you to have a high-end computer to be able to even appreciate the graphics. Even beyond this, I've read that people with wonderful computers are even having sh*tty FPS. Now getting to the fact that you can become a f*cking robot that will run up to you and blow you up, wtf is this game literally trying to achieve. In one of their forums, it states how this is one of the best First person shooters. like, they're trying to compare themselves to Battlefield 1, DOOM, CSGO, OVERWATCH, etc. B*tch please, this game is a social experiment to see how stupid people are to name brand games. DO NOT BUY THIS, IT'S NOT WORTH IT FOR THE REMASTER EITHER
Not impressed with the multiplayer. Maps are poorly polished, it's just not fun like cod is supposed to be. MW Remastered is better.
worst cod
Game is trash, game wont get above 50 fps and its trashly optimizedonce again Infinity Ward giving us a♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port cause all they care about is money
buys the new cod instantly refunds when you see there asking for another $50 for the modern warefare remastered  and season pass, its stupid you cant make people pay $50 then only let them play new maps etc if they pay another $50!! these should be free updates! fix it cod its awful!!
very.very bad...singleplayer okmulti :/zombie????????? i never have teammates!!!!!!!!!!!!!! new game,and nobody is playing!
Game is a load of fecal matter, don't buy.
I like COD games and really wanted to like IW. I pre ordered and hoped for the best.  Sadly horrific "Mouse Acceleration" made both IW and MW unplayable. My mouse slips all over the place making online play impossible. IW has "terrible time to kill". Gun fights are over in a split second. Most players simply hip-fire to avoid being killed and the game lacks any tactics because of this.  The community for COD on PC is small due to these deliberate bugs within the game.   5/10...I wanted to like it, but the deliberate Mouse bug has ruined the whole game for me and many many others.
another year of cancer. yay
♥♥♥♥♥as usual
COD 4 "Remastered" is just terrible. Same lag city crap they introduced with MW2 with virtually no server configuration and hitboxes the size of the moon. Servers are tiny too; games feel completely empty. COD 4: Modern Warfare is  a much better gaming experience...
You either play Deathmatch or deathmatch... other modes you'll wait 4everrefunded
Isn't this game Star Wars? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)- 10/10 shoots blue/red laser
So delighted to get COD4 remastered for a cheap price $109.99.
This port is a mess, here some of the issues with the port:1. 90fps frame rate cap. I have a 144hz monitor. Not that I could hit 144fps in this game, it's an unoptimized pile of garbage anyway.2. Mandatory mouse acceleration. I assume this is an accident, as there's an option to disable it, but disabling it does nothing. In other shooters, I'm typically a 1.5-2 K/D kind of person. In this game, my K/D is about 0.5 because of this.3. The game is unoptimized. So much random stuttering and frame drops. The first 30 seconds or so of every game is unplayable because the game stutters so much.4. No dedicated servers. In Infinite Warfare, I don't mind it that much. However, the original Cod 4 had dedicated servers, why would this feature be removed? Now we have to play on IW's awful servers, which leads me to...5. Lag compensation. Remember that thing that made playing hitboxes broken because of internet connection? It's back and here to stay, because instead of taking the original game and enhancing it, they'd rather take a giant leap back and cash in on that sweet nostalgia money.I can't recommend this game to anyone. Infinite Warfare seems like a promising game and I did (kind of) enjoy the little bit that I played, but I can't help but feel like I've been left with a bad taste in my mouth from Modern Warfare Remastered's awfulness. Don't waste $80 on this pile of trash, spend it on a good game with developers that actually care about their customer base, like Civ VI.
Hm. So I only played around 5 hours. Multiplayer was aids. Single player was okay, but i didn't play alot of it. Zombies was fun. But $60 for a game I already own and a single player thats 6 hours long? No thanks. Refunded x)
changing resolutions is a nightmare on a tv.plays and looks like a stipped down version of black ops 3...frames are capped at 91 fps..REALLY?..do they even know how that looks when its trying to sync at 120 htz?..you die faster than if you were playing hardcore.REALLY?...graphics look like theyre from 2001...did you guys even try?..980ti in sli..i7 6700k..32gb ddr4 ..1300 watt evga supernova..950 pro ssds...i have gaming equipment..its the game thats utter garbage..battlefield 1 and titanfall 2 will now be where my money goes..you guys should partner up with hello games..you both are chock full of brilliant decisions..stop embarassing yourselves and go do something else.REFUNDED...thank you for that option steam
I bought Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Digital Legacy Edition. $79.99Thinking about playing online... What a huge mistake I made.. There is "NOBODY" playing other categories "ONLINE".Only "Team Deathmatch" Completely contaminated like a virus with "HACKERS".I really like cod.. But "I had enough" This was the last straw! Customer service? Doesn't exist, treats you like garbage.I don't mean to be rude, with any COD fan base. COD IF+WM In reality it isn't worth it the price asked.  My honest opinion! "WAIT untill the WINTER SALE" 66% OFF.SO you can enjoy the single player campaign.
MWR is fun also Inifnite Warfare I don't have any fps/lag problems or anything runs smooth but after like 10 hours it gets boring and many hackers atm mwr died after like 2 days
After playing the game's singleplayer I enjoyed the well written campaign that was done,the memorable characters and good voice acting which was all something I did not expect. It was very different and very enjoyable the only downside was that the gameplay could had been alot more. Why add Wallrunning  and crazy antics and moves when you'll just get shot down for trying to be acrobatic and cool in combat? So thus the game sends you taking cover most of the time like any cod games. As for the mutliplayer? It feels exactly the same as any cod I have played in the past  with a few improvement and did not pique my interest one bit because it just wasn't fresh and I am simply burned out from it. That zombie multiplayer game though how in the hell is that not a spinoff game yet? I play that MORE than main multiplayer itself. The reason I am giving this game a thumbs down is quite simply because of the overall package that I got with this game for the price which isn't enough to keep me playing for hours in the future where as I can flick on Titanfall 2 multiplayer OR Battlefield 1 and play for hours over 100+ and yes I own both game along with this now. + Singleplayer Campaign+ Memorable characters and great writing+ Technology seen in the game, seeker grenades, antigrav grenades etc.+ Futuristic guns that actually looks and sounds really cool. Pew pew+ The ship control was easy and the combat in space+ That one section where you get to pick which missions to handle in space and wasn't tedious or repetitive.+ Zombie spaceland multiplayer+ Modern warfare remaster+ Baysplosions in 4k- The wallrunning and boost jumping great but gameplay in singleplayer using it will just get you shot in the faceIN THE FACE thus the game ends up being mostly cover shooter like previous games.- Server connections are horrific, 8+ mins just to wait for the games to match connections with others (Why not instead of investing in esport, invest in great servers to play the damn game?"- A bit of clunky movements on multi- The main multiplayer itself has been changed significantly enough for me to really enjoy.- Maps looks decent and some have anti grav but they did not vary much in terms of how they vary- Cheating has already made its way to kill the multiplayer even further. There is no anti cheat and this shows noone cares.My preference is that I perfer playing Battlefield 1 team based fps followed by Titanfall 2 which is faster paced and also something I would recommend over this. If you really want to buy this game then do it for the singleplayer or maybe some zombie mayhem but do not have too much hope in the multi because it hasn' really changed much more than previous in the series. Even if you are the most hardcore/veteran of the series you might feel a bit burned out. Someone needs to get thier act together for this game, Spend some of the Esport invested money to create BETTER SERVERS, MORE FRESH GAMEPLAY,  ANTI CHEAT, SOMEONE WHO LISTENS TO COMMUNITY.Something that other games are actually doing.Titanfall2 Battlefield 1
It's an enjoyable game, but if you're looking for innovation... sorry.Call of Duty is going to die soon if this keeps up.
Can't even join a game. FIX THIS!!!!
Framerates are abysmal with an R9 300 and 16Gb ram. Literally gettin 1FPS for about a minute into multiplayer matches then it catches up.
Sadly the game seemed rushed and just a copy past from previous.  Besides the obvious hackers, the multiplayer community is small.  I tried to play a ground war match, and was only me and one other person in que.
Got the Key from a game tester Bud who told me "Its so bad I dont want this key"Its not bad, its much worse- - -- Not even Mouse Controls work and this should be THE AAA game?- I like seeing the Combat Rig Intro. Better show it to me every time I login- WHY DOES IT HAVE FORCED MOUSE ACCELERATION!?- Framelock at 91... why 91 tho?- Vsync force- Mouse sensitivity slider is broken but why bother when everything is- Frequent crashes in Campaign and freezes in MP- controller tips show up when its only plugged in but I'm giving input with keyboard and mouse- - -They even got too bad at making a port from a console game now...
Game is broken.  I can hardly ever get into a multiplayer game, at all.  I bought it from GreenManGaming and can't get a refund.  I highly regret ever even considering this game.  Don't be like me, save your money.
Advanced Warfare was better. This actually somehow has worse graphics! Please don't buy this, even though Zombies In Spaceland does look awesome. I would have already got this refunded if I could.Also: The CoD4 remaster is crap.
I played this game for one hour only in multiplayer because I knew in the long run I would have to play it after the campaign which most likely would take more than 2 hours and I did not buy this for the story. I played multiplayer and it felt like the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as always which was not that bad I mean its a call of duty game you get what you pay for kill people level up prestige move on. I did not feel I would get the value out of the game to justify the amount of money I spent on it. I am currently in the process on refunding this game. I intend to buy the make america great again cards off the steam market place to get a badge with trumps face on it. The foil card set gives you a gold trump with glowing eyes. I probably wont regret that decision nearly as much as I regret almost giving this company another 100$ to fuel the internal despair and hopelessness I feel everytime I try picking up one of these new games. If you are into it fine but do not brigade me over the fact you like different things than I do. If you think you will get value out of playing the multiplayer then go for it I  just know I will not. Another thing those who buy the game should keep in mind is the fact that this game has had an incredibly low start up population peak for players online. Black ops 3 had about 60,000 players online at once at its peak infinite warfare so far is capped out at 15,000. The community will probably not last for a long time and the game will be dead before you know it. Also there is no anti cheat so this will probably drive the rest of the community screaming to the hills how they wish they refunded the game before only 6 people were playing it.
get it for console
♥♥♥♥♥poor, is all i can say!
The game just doesn't work. I have uninstalled my antivirus, redownloaded the game around a dozen times, restarted my computer around 20 times, and put an entire weekend into trying to fix it, but whenever I try to select either multiplayer, zombies, or campaign, it leads to the next menu with a black backround, starts lagging, then just freezes shortly after. The sound keeps playings, but thats all there is to it. I end up having to close it with task manager, and its really frustraiting. I have seen a fair amount of other people complaining about this, so I dont think it's just a random mystery case.Update: It has been a week now, and they still have not patched this. I might wait a few more days, but this is easily one of the more disappointing things I have ever spent $100 on.lmao WHAT
My game sound just doesnt work with Infinite warfare. It works with remastered tho.♥♥♥♥♥♥game dont buy
My review:  Infinity Ward did a decent job with the campaign for Infinite Warfare, but the game's multiplayer is disastrous, especially on the PC version. The matchmaking is awful, and the time-to-kill ratio is egregiously short, which result in an unpleasant multiplayer experience. If you're a casual player, buy something else. Don't waste your money on this game. Save it for another title. Don't give Activision anymore of your money.
Campaign 8/10 :Pro- good voice acting- Ethan- sacrifice - differrent scale-optional missions ( even though they are sort of  boring)-some jaw dropping moments- no loading screen, use of cut scenesBad- short as usual- villain not remarkable- what happened to Connor McGregor's character ?!Multiplayer 6/10 :- worse than Black Ops 3Zombies 0/10 :-could not find any game so I can consider this as inexistentOverall : Buy it with 10 euros max for campaign - even though I am confident a lot of years will pass until it will be 10 euros.Time to bring some real changes boys !
what a waste of money
Okay, I brought this for Modern Warfare. I have tried Infinite Warfare though, it's not that good. Singleplayer is pretty good and very story driven. I have yet to complete the whole thing but soon there should be an edit here :DZombies is fun but not as good as Treyarch. Lots of guns, secrets and interesting story for those willing enough to explore it. ♥♥♥♥ the alien boss. Seriously.Finally, Multiplayer... Oh no. *Awful gun balance creates for only a few playable guns.*Camos look like diseases.*Cheaters can easily hack with no anti cheats.*Locked at 60 with extremely random lag spikes.*SUPPLY DROPS.But sniping is fun and I have had a few dumb, fun games still. It might not be good but still is silly, stupid fun to mess around in. Let's hope for boots on the ground for next year!(I would pick this up now if a big CoD fan but Battlefield 1 is a lot better. :D )
Tried for 6 hours on release to get on multiplayer, campain is slow and unoriginal. Just more Sci-Fi but honestly feels like every other COD.Wouldn't recommend. Dissapointing to have to spent 60.00pound just for Modern Warefare Remastered tbh. Fun fact: Truck Simulator has more consistant players and peak players than on release date of IW. That says alot about how the "fan base" feels about COD games now days.tl;dr:don't buy unless on sale.don't feed into the moneygrabbing scheme of wanting you to pay 60.00 just for remastered MWgive up on COD.Needless to say, the optimization is horrendous. 1080x i7's struggle to get good FPS on single player unless on low settings.EDIT: 6 hours is exaggeration I'm not ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. xD the 0.8 hours is full of disconnects and relaunching after being "Game lobby closed" everytime I launch Multiplayer.EDIT 2: I played campain on console. My review still stands. I dont need hours on steam to prove I played a ♥♥♥♥ing game.
Probably the worse call of duty i've ever played
Valve Anti-Cheat "disable" Welcome in GHOST 2small limited server  "block 91fps It seems 25fps in server"Games not finished, nice for a free beta
Campaign is fairly good in my opinion, The Zombies mode kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Can't get enough of the hoff machine. Negative review though, Who the hell thought no Anti Cheat would be a good idea? Blops 3 had VAC and it worked. There is no way of telling if you're agaisn't a hacker or not now and that just sucks. Probably removed the VAC for the Blops 3 hackers, They'd buy IW and still be banned if it where VAC.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Game. You Should Name iT Call Of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Duty Infinte ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Time Warfare For ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Damit. Its Enough.THis Game Is♥♥♥♥♥♥SO Much♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wastage Of Precious Money and Time. Time is Special. Bullcrap Game.Damn
The game is a ♥♥♥♥ing trash ( i am not talking about the gameplay) it wont start at first it frozed when i was trying to play a public match, i unistall it and install it again now the only thing it does its says when i press to play is that if am leaving this game to make changes to the pc and wont start (PC Gaming sucks balls)
I guess it's not entirely fair for me to give it a thumbs down as I didn't finish the game. I never even booted the muliplayer because I have a strict campaign first rule for all my shooters. That being said I was refunded for the game this morning, I caught serious buyers remorse after springing for the Deluxe edition and losing interest only a couple hours into the campaign. It just felt like Advanced Warfare was prettied up a little bit and then resold to me.
The zombies is okay, the multiplayer isnt as bad as I thought but the optimization for this game is awful the game is always crashing i cant seem to pick a map in custom games without my screen going black and the game crashing i cant load the game up sometimes. If you're reading the reviews to see if you should buy i would wait untill January when it  be optimized correctly. Its even worse for Modern Warefare Remastered.My specs -CPU-Intel Core i7 6700K Unlocked Skylake, Quad Core, 4.0GHz.-Motherboard-Asus ROG Z170 Maximus VIII Hero -RAM-Corsair 16GB DDR4 Vengeance LPX 3200MHz Memory Kit for Skylake -GPU-MSI NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 6GB GAMING X -HDD-Toshiba MQ01ABD100 1TB Internal Hard Drive -SSD-Kingston ssdNow SV300S37A/V300 120GB UltraSlim 7mm SATA 3 SSD -PSU-Corsair CP-9020073-UK Professional Platinum Series HX850i ATX/EPS 850W Power Supply Unit
T.R.A.S.H.No anticheat, no textures, lame bang boom bang for the teens .....and....best of all:daily reward:                             10 units trashdaily reward for sp owners:     1000 units trashthing is.....trash helps you to craft/upgrade weapons/perks/unlimited ammo, so cod starwars went cod paytowinso please buy complete package to get the whole trash.
In a word: uninspired.Yet another benign entry into the FPS genre that carries with it the Call of Duty franchise tag -- the tag that has sold these games, every year they release, since MW because of the nostalga that game evokes. MW was good, so was MW2 and even BO1. Then the games started being about that big payday, buying positive reviews, and less about the love of what went into the originals. I think people who purchase COD games, like myself, do it because we romanticize about just how good the original games were without ever really stopping to acknowledging how mediocre and inconsistant every other release  of the franchise has been.These games either need to find developers who can muster their love of story telling and game play and set the course straight, or they need to let them die a peaceful death. Maybe even a little of both.
Steam really should have rules publishers must follow when stating what their game features. There is no online co-op for the campaign. But they can say "online co-op" because the zombie mini-game has co-op. Also the lack of cross platform multiplayer is shameful. Triple A titles should go the extra steps just out of ethics.
I love Infinite warfare!Multiplayer is fun and the zombie modus are amazing.wish they added splitscreen like in black ops 3.Mordern warfare remastered multiplayer however....omg...There are HUGE RANDOM FPS drops!even on the lowest settings...I can`t believe how they can release such a unstable game.(I reviewed this game earlier with a upvote. but MW remastered is just unacceptable with a 80 euro price on it!)
**CAMPAIGN SPOILERS**So I bought this package for 2 reasons  - mainly CoD4 remaster and the IW campaign. So I'll just be talking about the campaign here.It's laughable. I was genuinely laughing at most of it that they were trying to play straight faced.It's starts off with some potential, introducing Kit Harrington and Conor McGregor as (what seemed to be) the main villain and main henchman. The first guy you play as dies immediately (predictable) and then you get put as the generic white dude for the remainder of the game with surname Reyes and a sassy female sidekick to boot (because they have to pretend to care about equality) The rest of the game equates to a 'who can die the most heroically' competition which just had me chuckling the whole way. Every character assigned a name and designated personality will die in some way. or willingly sacrifice themselves by doing things like holding off enemies in lieu of certain death.There's a cutscene where the stories token black guy (and he's British as well so that's another tick on the spectrum of tolerance) has to sacrifice himself to save some bloke (yawn) and some other characters have a heated argument about it and then 2 seconds later just do a total 180 on their points and it may aswell have not happened. I laughed, again. Needless to say your character dies at the end in the most heroic way possible because reasons.Oh yeah and there were space dogfights. First one was kinda fun and unexpected. the rest were boring and repetitive. Not much to dwell on there.Wrapping up because this was meant to be short, Kit pulls a Vars from Farcry 3 and dies around half way through the game (extremely anticlimactically might I add) and Notorious Mac is just not in the game. Sadly, he was just a marketing tool (he doesn't even have any lines) The SDF were hilarious also. they were just the Empire from Star Wars but without any motivation other than trying to be the complete epitome of evil because then we are sure to not like them. At least Spacey back in CODAW was trying to get a point across.In conclusion this game tried to be Scream, but ended up being Scary Movie.
Call of Duty : Infinite Warfare... So far is average at best...Call of Duty : Modern Warfare Remastered... I hate to say it but it is unplayable...I have i7-4770K OC, Nvidia Geforce GTX TITAN Black SC, Corsair Dominator Platinum 16GB and i am getting 10-20 FPS regardless of what presets i have selected...the game is currently unplayable and badly needs fixed asap!
Dont buy this game on pc because the player base in this game is a joke ! be aware if you have a microsoft copie and your friend has the steam version you cant play with him unless you both have the same version! Its ridiculous.
DO NOT BUY THISâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ Wait for a update before buying this. NO player base and no Anticheat so full of aimbotters
Played and returned. Sadly, the MP is not tuned very well. I have a GTX 1080 and I saw frame drops especially when zooming down the scope or quick turns. I hear this could be a mouse acceleration issue but that should never happen in a AAA launch.
Activision once again screwing up the game for PC.(I actually do enjoy the game, it's just cancer on pc, so get it on console if you can)
Bought this game, runs really bad even when the graphics were set to low... full refund! System specs:i7 4790k @4ghzRAM= 16gb2x GTX980 sliWindows 10
STILL NO PATCH, STILL OUTRIGHT BLATENT CHEATERS.  FIX THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE OR IT IS THE LAST TIME YOU WILL SEE MONEY FROM ME.  THIS IS THE WORST PC RELEASE I THINK I HAVE EVER SEEN AND IS IN FACT WORSE THAN COUNTERSTRIKE A DECADE AGO.CHEATING IS RAMPANT PEOPLE GOING 159 and 12  WE PAID FOR THIS BAN THE CHEATERS.Incomplete piece of crap.Gameplay sucks.  You cant even leave a match and have the option of leaving your squad in the game, you have to pull them out every time.Back to "peer to peer" servers... one game you do well, the next you go 4 and 18.  Laggy on a machine with dual 980 with 8 gb each, 32 GB RAM is completely unacceptable (along with 275 Mb down and 15 Mb up).They removed the ability so see your ping, other plqayers stats and cant see their Steam profile to see if banned before.Sad they went back to easy "cartoon" graphics and locked the FPS at 90.  Seriously, the maps are so cartooninsh and busy you cant see what to shoot.Just a big pile of steamping crap in my opinion and I wish I could get my money back.
I really really want to like this game, but it has a few problems.It has a really weird lag  problem which I don't have in black ops 3.    I see someone face to face, I point, I shoot first, I die.  Replay shows me not even shooting.   Sometimes it takes me a whole magazine to put someone down.  All this on a 150mbps internet connection.   I'm not claiming to be great at COD, but in Black ops 3 I consistantly put down 1.5 to 2.0 KD games.  In this I'm lucky to hit 1.0.  None of the weapons feel special, you earn keys at a MUCH slower pace than Black ops 3.  Add more colorblind modes.  Normal and colorblind mode both suck, it's hard to see in this game.  Add a few more settings for colorblind people please.Windows store and steam players can't play together.  Get your S**T together Activision,  it's 2016, this is not acceptable.  The PC community is small as it is, are you trying to kill COD on PC ?If I try playing in the AM a game of DOM or TDM it takes me 10 minutes plus to get a game going.  Alt tab makes the game hang on my system (3770k, GTX 1080).  The FPS is also capped at 91, open this up.  Sound randomly distorts on my speakers and headphones.
plays awful for me one gmae i will get 90fps solid the next game ill get 20 fps please fix
i cant even load the game wtf....
cant even play the game right now.  thats how good it is... tryed fixes that the community has come up with and still cant play.   MWR plays ok but doesnt feel like old cod,  it feels like mw3 with cod4 skins.
I would of loved to give this game a full review and go over it's campaign and multiplayer, but I have had non-stop tech issues since playing it. Here's a few. -Constant FPS stuttering and freezing on both games. -Had to reset my router to get rid of my moderate NAT type-Using a controller can mess the menu's on both games. -Some maps on the COD 4 remaster just do not load. Either endlessly connects or crashes. -The load times for the maps that do load are comically long. (Besides some frame drops and stuttering, Infinite Warfare runs decently. Modern Warfare remastered is just a complete mess for me however. Massive load times, crashing, and constant stuttering have completely ruined it for me.) In addition to all this, the community for both games are already dead. Only Gamemodes you can play are TDM, Domination and occasionally Search and Destroy. Number of players on release are far below that of Black Ops 3. Also, as if microtransactions in a 60 dollar game with a 50 dollar season pass weren't enough, the supply drop system is now blatantly pay-to-win. You can pay to get gun upgrades that are significantly better then the base weapons. The keys that you get after each match drop at an insultingly slow rate, so people who don't pay are at a disadvantage. Besides that, I have been enjoying the campaign. From what I have played so far I'd call it the best in years. Multiplayer is similar to Black Ops 3 but worse in most ways. For some bizzare reason, at the moment there are no leaderboards or stats in the game. COD 4 is great of course, when it's actually working. But the tech issues and the above issues are enough that I'd recommend against buying this one. Edit - 11/14/16 - Just want to say Infinite Warfares campagin was the best they have made in years, probaby since MW2. It's far from perfect, but for the first time since the in 5-6 years they managed to put in some characters worth giving a damn about. Reyes, Ethan, Salt and Omar are all awesome and well written. They even managed to make some decent, memorable levels and setpieces. I'd rate it an 8/10. If you are buying this for campaign, then i'd recommend it. Otherwise, a garbage downgraded multiplayer, and a tech-issue riddled Modern Warfare remastered forces me to still give it a thumbs down.
waste of my money i dont think ill buy cod again i want a REFUND!!!
Here's my reveiw based of my time playing the game The campaign starts of with a soilder who was killed off, then the story jumps to your main charcter and the start going on about the sdf which fair enough are the bad guys then in a nutshell they build up the story and every body dies which i thought was quite lazy tbh!Multiplayer......as a cod fan for some time ive gotten used to boots on the ground and jetpacks but.....from going ghosts which was slow paste and boring to infinite warfare which is pure chaos i fell like infinity ward cant find a balance which is a shame,Another thing im dissapointed about is how fimilar it is to balck ops 3 eg the specialists only with different names ,and to add to it the movement feels awful black ops 3 felt nice and smooth.zombies havent played it simply because how childish this looks for an 16 -18 + gameIn addition the devs were lazy and gave a bad port,the first day i downloaded this game every time i tried to join a lobby it would kick me out and freezecod 4 remastered .....it feels nice to be back playing a good old game from 2007 once again but my main conceren is i dont think i can play this for a solid year ....simply because this game is over a decade old and is limted on content!ps infinite ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
The campaign of this game is beautiful,but sadly the multiplayer is really pathetic
game feels like it was rushed as the studio was working on not just this but the mw remaster as well. bf1 runs perfectly for me but this game kept running slow even though this games graphics are sub par when compared to bf1.
Absolutely attrocious PC port. Mouse input lag is horrid, poorly optimised on many graphics cards, locked to 91FPS. Yes I know this is a engine limitation, but you'd think with 3 years of development they might be able to fix it.The mouse stutter/jumping is particularily frustrating. I usually still manage to top scoreboards but my arm physically hurts after due to the amount of tiny corrections I have to keep making.Unplayable. I'm going back to Overwatch.
Was high AF when I bought this. Now I have depression.
I just want a refund.... that's it....
cancer laggy
Deinstalled on Day 1.I'm finally done with CoD.
Black ops 3 with new maps and weapons. Time to kill reduced so every kid can feel like a pro, bad optimazation.I bought it for cod 4 but cod 4 runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥so im refunding it2/10 RIPCya next year
absolutely terrible
PROs:Singleplayer is full of action and the full campaign including the side missions is around 5-6 hours depending on your ability.CONs:Story is the plot from pretty much any iteration of the Gundam anime series.  Space colonies / Mars revolts and attacks.No backstory.Multiplayer:PROs:You are typically rewarded if you think outside the box and use the vertical/wallrun/slide features.CONs:Its a port from PS412 player max for normal MP modes16 player max for 'War Party' "Big Games"Is this worth $60?- No, wait for a sale.Is this 'fun'?- Singleplayer: Yes- Multiplayer: No
This game is absolutely awful it's clunky, unpolished and laggy as all hell. Infinity ward usually makes awful games not this bad, this game is on a whole other level. I do not recommend this game at all, absolutely terribleEdit: Nearly 4 months after launch and they finally fixed a few problems. They fixed the problem with aim lag and some spawning issues. There is still problems trying to find games but overall it's playable still not great but playable. The COD 4 remaster on the other hand is awful, i can't even find a game on an australian server if i'm even lucky to find a game. Never buying an infinity ward game again. Absolute horse♥♥♥♥♥
I Gave it a positive review at first , and i was wrong this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥boring and everything is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the only thing you may want to buy this game is that if u buy it special edition it comes with an amzing game called mw remaster and thats worth buying
The game has a lot of good ideas, i love the setting, i love the action, the story is utter useless crap, i did all the side missions and for what? everyone i did it for and what i did it for died in the process, i didnt feel so attached and rather felt cheated as if my effort didnt matter at all in the end. Now the multiplayer....... oh the multiplayer, rapid fire bullet spraying orgy machine, they couldnt of done it any worse, all in all the onlly reason to get infinite warfare is coz of te COD MW Remaster, to tell you honsetly COD, titanfall did it better in every aspect. cant recommend this game because it is too helish and terrible, just go out and get Titanfall 2, easy to learn hard to master, no crazy rapid fire nutshells and the movement system is way and above beyond that of anhy COD.
Right now this game is essentially unplayable for me. I have this weird acceleration issue where my mouse is not 1 to 1 with the in game world and it makes everything a lot more sluggish and i am currently at the point in the single player where i can't progress because of this problem.about 90% of the time i try to join a multiplayer match i get booted right as the game is about to start. 5% of the time i get booted immediately and the reamining 5% is hell because of the lag issue.There is also pretty much nobody playing at the moment. So when i do get into lobbies it sometimes take 5 minutes to fill up. Nobody plays anything but TDM.Biggest waste of money.
Multiplayer FlopZombie Top
Don't waste your money.
Only reason I considered buying this game was for the remastered CoD 4. Iw is absolutely pants and anyone thinging about buying it i'd recommend looking for another game, i'd say i'm disappointed but COD's been going down the drain for years.
the games ok but it feels like pay to win all the guns seem overpowerd but some are crap the shotgun seem under powered again and akimbo kind of sucks to i thought it would be better the jump seems like black ops i liked advanced jumping in was better in advance black ops 3 is way better i liked advanced wish it was like that miss my tiger blood
game crashed
This is a reivew on the campaign only:this game reminds me of star wars battlefront in the sense that its a BEAUTIFUL looking game but has no depth or longevity. There are about 4 main missions that are relatively short and there are a handful of side missions, all a bit shorter. The air combat missions are super repetitive and boring after a while. Theres some decent dialouge and cutscenes (super friggin glitchy and laggy btw) The SDF (main enemy in the game) - horrible. theres  relatively no background on them, they make no sense, theyre basically here to f*** sh*t up because they hate earth.in past COD games when you died, there'd be some moto quote from some famous warfighter throughout history but now they are a bunch of stupid, nonsensical made up sayings from the SDF leader Jon Snow which was horribly annoying.Visuals: 7/10 (would be 9 but constantly glitchy)Enjoyment: 6/10Length : 3/10Character depth: 5/10Enemies Plot: 1/10didnt feel attached at all to the characters through the game.spend your money elsewhere
Here are my thoughts on the game at launch, when I thought the game was still good: I don't believe I can still recommend this game.To me it seems like this game has died before the first DLC has even come out, and that makes me a bit sad. Never mind the fact that the game was sort of doomed to fail from the beginning, as the majority of the Call of Duty audience has been sick of futuristic environments (and many of the angriest ones have become cannon fodder for my game of choice).This huge dying down of the playerbase has hit the PC community hardest of all, but even console players are starting to look elsewhere. Prominent CoDtubers like M3RKMUS1C rarely make Infinite Warfare content anymore, and it seems like the only key figures in the CoD community who unironically like this game are the CoD c0ccsuccers (like TmarTn) and the eSports circlejerk that's oblivious to the fact that they're playing the most casual FPS of our time competitively.I used to like this game. There are parts of it that I still like, and I will still be playing this game with the friends I met on here (don't know whether or not any of this is affected by the fact that I got this for free thanks to CoD XP). But I don't think anyone else should buy it, especially if they're looking for a multiplayer experience.Campaign was at best a pleasant surprise. Story was well-written, ordinance like the shield and hacking were well-thought out, the environments were well-designed and gunplay is solid and satisfying for a CoD campaign. Despite this, there isn't much to go back to after the first playthrough unless you want to play on the unlockable difficulty settings, and though playing through side missions was fun at first it gets tedious over time. Plus, the elements are found better in other places. For great classic CoD campaigns with great settings and gunplay, my personal favorite is Call of Duty 2, but you also can't go wrong with the Modern Warfare Trilogy, World at War, or Black Ops (1). If you like playing with all the futuristic toys and such, I personally had a lot of fun with Black Ops III. Just don't pay attention to the story.Zombies will either be a hit or miss depending on what you want. The mode does have easter eggs, though they're not required to access most of the elements. Despite this, a lot of new features makes this one of the most complex Zombies to date. Map's well designed and is in my opinion the perfect size. I personally like this flavor of Zombies, but if you were looking for classic World at War style or the large Black Ops II and III affairs you may be disappointed.Multiplayer is where a lot of the $#!7 is. Combat rigs are cool (I especially appreciate the nice customization options), weapons are great (especially since you can earn variants in game), mission team challenges are a decent feature, and maps are surprisingly well-designed, but there are factors that ruin it for me.For one, pay-to-win and gambling a la Black Ops III is back in full force as with updates Infinity Ward is adding supply-drop exclusive weapon variants to the game. This to me is the biggest problem with the game, as it promotes gambling and gives players with a large disposable income and nothing better to spend it on a huge advantage. Gunplay is stale and really hasn't improved since CoD4, and while that's fine for the campaign, it makes multiplayer monotonous. Simpler gunplay works in simple games, especially Call of Duty 2 where there are no perks or anything, but if you're going to add extras, improve the gunplay as well. The lack of a server browser and Infinity Ward's poor servers and matchmaking make it very hard for me to reliably get into matches, and can sometimes lead to connection issues. Last time I played, I was not really a fan of the weapon balancing. The Reaver is absolutely filthy and I have no respect for kills gained with it, especially with the game's movement system. SMGs are rather powerful as well, though certainly not as bad as the Reaver (this may have changed, let me know if it has). And finally, the game just doesn't have many players anymore. Only a few modes are playable and when I get in a match I'm stuck playing with an all-prestige lobby and that isn't very fun sometimes.Also, optimization is kinda garbage. I should be able to play this game in 1080p with 16GB of RAM, an i7 and a GTX 970, but instead I'm forced to play in 4K downscaled to 40% (which is surprisingly the best setting for my setup in terms of performance).Modern Warfare Remastered is pretty cool. I like the good job Raven did giving it the treatment it deserves in terms of presentation. The campaign's fun to play as always, and they did bring back leaning! However, multiplayer suffers from two main issues.1. Just like Infinite Warfare, very few people are playing it anymore, and servers are poor without a browser.2. Activision's greed has tainted it. Not long ago they added supply drops to the game. Originally it was only cosmetic items. This would've been okay, but now they're adding supply drop exclusive weapons. Don't know if Raven Software suddenly changed its mind regarding faithful recreation or Activision was just being greedy as always, but they've added pay-to-win mechanics to a remaster of arguably the greatest arcade first-person shooter of all time. I don't know about you, but I find this disgusting. And with this, Raven Software can no longer hide behind "we want it to play like the original" when it comes to changing or removing the perk unholy trinity (Juggernaut, Martyrdom, Last Stand). Despite this, they decide not to change it, because actually good updates/patches to Call of Duty multiplayer are illegal.I don't think MWR is good justification to purchase the Legacy Edition of Infinite Warfare, and I'm unsure of whether or not a purchase of the game standalone in its current state is justified if given the option. You're better off with regular Call of Duty 4, where the price of admission is reasonable and there's an active playerbase as well as mods (incluing promod).I really wanted to like this game. When given the opportunity to play it at XP I thought that this game would be the first step to making CoD great again. But they had to ruin it.I personally vow to never buy another Call of Duty game again (at least directly, if I go to another XP and get it for free again then what the heck, at least XP was fun and a good use of my money) unless one of the dev teams make a game that does three things:1. Make the actual gunplay more engaging.2. Make the gameplay less reliant on perks and killstreaks.3. Get rid of the supply drops.Unfortunately, I don't have high hopes that Activision, Infinity Ward, Sledgehammer, Raven Software, or even Treyarch will take any of these concerns, or any concerns that the CoD fanbase in general have, into consideration. As long as Activision treats Call of Duty as a cash cow and not like a game, I can't expect anything to change, unless they find a way to worsen the state of the game even more. Hopefully many of the fans that somehow like the state that the game is in wisen up and cause the franchise to either change for the better or cease to exist.Bottom line: please don't buy this game. If you have to buy this game for whatever reason, don't buy it on the PC. At least on the consoles you'll be able to play different game modes and get into good matches.
TLDR: Multiplayer is 5/10 frustratingThis is a review for the multiplayer. Being a long time fan of the series there have been good and bad games. Honestly treyarch wins the prize from me each time. Black Ops 3, despite the goofy outfits and dancing, is the best so far. Infinite Warfare is abysmal from the first match i played. Here's a list of all the things that got me so tilted that i had to write this review. Keep in mind i spend the majority of time in FFA.-The spawns... holy god, the spawn points are so bad. Easily predictable to the point of them being overly exploited. I'm finding that on smaller maps 80% of the spawns are in view of other players or very near. Sometimes i actually  spawned in front of enemy fire. And I found a spot where you can literally stand and aim at the spawn to farm kills.-The hit recognition is unbelievable at times. Especially the beginning of the map. The game starts and it isnt finished loading even on my SSD. So any players you see just drop the frames and your shots seem to always miss or you die immediately with no feedback from the game.-The movement. You have boosters and sliding like BO3 but you cant slide off of ledges which imo is a terrible flaw. Half the time i just crouch in the open and get mutilated anyway. The boost jump is useless bc many ledges you need a fi=ull charge to reach so you get stuck when trying to make fast plays. Lastly is the wallrunning... idk how many times i just fell because the game didnt stick me to a wall. The movementis not fluid at all. No smooth transitions from sliding etc. and it just feels clumsy. The gameplay relies heavily on harscoping corners and using faulty spawns to your advantage. Also it seems that controller users are at a huge disadvantage as well. The aiming seems so sloppy and the aim assist with controllers just pushes the sights away from targets at times.-The community is a barren wasteland. I heard there were 3k players on launch... And why no cross-platform? I can barely find a match in any game mode but TDM, FFA, and DOM. Another huge peeve of mine is why in the world there is no lobby chat?? Seriously. I cant understand it. Even in the COD4 remaster there isnt lobby chat. The menus are clumsy, and hard to look at. There are no leaderboards atm and personalization is so bad. There are so many little things that make navigating the menues so annoying. Its not pretty, it seems like the UI is 6 years old. I hate that the playable characters are all robots, they have absolutely no personality whatsoever. They arent fun at all. To wrap it up, its pay to win. I played a guy who had the quartermaster epic smg on day one and he was unstoppable. Not to mention there's no anticheat either so there were hackers already. The crates take like 4 hours to even get one. I hate activisions marketing strategy. They're the EA games of shooters and should be ashamed. I'm tired of that. So basically dont get this if you want to keep from having an aneurysm and smashing your controller bc you got spawn killed 13 times in a row. Just ...dont. UGH!!P.s. I have a 3.0 K/D in Black Ops 3 FFA so dont give me that BS about im a scrub. I'm just so disappointed in this one guys.. Its just so flawed.Oh the campaign.. yeah winter is coming. It's another hold your hand, bad characters, door to door boring AF story. Im sure theres a twist at the end and one of the people die but I'll never get that far.
This game made me reflect on the decisions I make with my money. I asked myself, "Is it worth $100?" and "will I enjoy $100 worth of gameplay?". The answers to these questions were 'no'. Even after disabling all of the graphical features that make a game enjoyable, my computer is still running the game at about 25 fps. This is only when nothing is happening on screen. If there is so much as an in-game bug that flies across the screen, I will drop frames faster than my bank account once I purchased this $100 game. I really do hope that I get that refund.
Would not reccomend.Pro's:Decent campaign, longer than average with varied gameplay and solid balanceLooks goodRelatively good sound qualityCon's:Multiplayer is VERY imbalanced (frequently ending in games with one team having 3 to 4 times the score of the other)Buggy or just bad spawns, placing players directly behind or infront of the other team, or, my personal favorite, in the middle of a firefightConsistantly froze - this started about 2 hours in to the campaign, and was a persistent issue. The game would lock up for 3 to 30 seconds, desynch audio, and this happened every 5 to 10 minutes. Additionally, this affecte multiplayer, where i would be dropped from games if it froze.Speaking of getting dropped from games; The matchmaking frequently failed (about 50% of the time) to find games, and would sit there until I went back to game mode selection and re-selectedPoorly optimized - this put an abnormal load on my PC, which has handled other, similar games with no issues
it dont work keeps making me leave the sever so im level 1 when i could be level 20
worst in the series
GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................GAME LOBBY CLOSED..........................DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1DOWNLOAD BATTLEFIELD 1
good things:+ performance is not THAT badbad things:- weapons are not balanced- extremly bad lag compensation- maps have way to many angels- it takes hours until you find a lobby- servers are laggy- many players are toxic as ♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥game, terribly optimized
Worst Game!!!! Black Ops 3 Multiplayer is far better than Infinite Warfare. Sluggish Movements (Movent Delay), Laggy Servers, worst Matchmaking in Multiplayer and even worst Zombies...this game is not worth 60$.
OK lets start off with my specs : MSI GTX 1080 gaming X @ 2101 MHZ, 6700K@4.8GHZ 16GGB ram. the game runs real good. The multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean stinky dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ The only good this about this game is the campaign. it feels like ur paying 80$ just for the campaign. If they focused more on campaign, made it a lot longer and a lot more idk 'uncharted or last of us like' you know i mean, then id pay even a 100 bucks for this , like the campaign was real good but it just wasent worth 80$ u spend on it. if ur a sucker for good story the this is umm a buy id say, if ur just gonna play the campaign and muliplayer casually then just wait for sale. if ur a sucker for multiplayer then this thing is cancer stay away
Worst Call of Duty ever. New players will find it challenging to play in the beginning of multiplayer due to players having more overpowered weapons at higher ranks. Also team balance and connection issues are constant in this. Campaign was alright and extremely short where i could complete it and still get a refund for this game.Everyones favorite, zombies,  was okay nothing like it use to be though of course. Wouldn't recommend buying this game.
super â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ game. even before you know it youre dead. its not becuase im a noob but its hit markers are so messed up that you dont stand a chance. it also takes a lot of fricking time to adjust to the game.
Right now, this game is completely unplayable.  It freezes if I try to go back or exit out of anything. The multiplayer background is black and everytime I try to enter a game it will pop up an in game error saying I was unable to join and then it freezes the game.  Fix this game!! I cannot recommend this game in its current state.UPDATE: I ended up getting a refund and playing this game on my PS4 Pro. The campaign was fun to play (veteran difficulty). Story was good. I just can't recommend it for PC unless it is fixed. (Which I wouldn't know because I asked for a refund).If you are wondering about my specs:i7 3770k overclocked to 4 GHz2 ASUS GTX 980's OC Edtion - SLI32 GB of RAM5400 RPM HDD
CODIW is partly a dissappointment.Though Story Mode starts off really good. But the game crashes frequently.Frame rate is very good. This game is only good for its campaign mode.Not recommend now until the crash issues are patched and until a sale.
Dont waste your time. Remastered is great and I will purchase it once it goes sperate but infinite warfare sucks, not worth 80 dollars.
fun for a few days but after that its just garbage
Operation Dark Quarry has gamebreaking error. The huge mass of robots in the courtyard will not start their animations so the game cannot proceed through the storyline. Restarted from checkpoint and restart whole mission and even the game did not fix the issue.
worst game ever. DOnt even think of buying on pc.
If you love COD for its fantastic gun play, captivating maps, and great movement then you have come to the wrong place. Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is the worst COD to date, it even out does Sledgehammer's Advanced Warefare, which is pretty hard to do. The game play is total chaos, and not in a good way, enemies constantly spawn in front of and behind you resulting in unstoppable pincer formations, you literally have to check your back everytime you spawn in or you will likely die from someone who's just respawned. Seriously if I could change one thing about the game it would be the spawns, it would make the game substantially better. But spawns are not the only problem. The guns are garbage its mostly spray and pray. The movement feels clunky and very uncomforable. COD has always been about supporting different play syles: the stealthy assault rifle class slowly moving through the outskirts of the map picking off enemies, the camping sniper who hides in his hole headshoting anyone he can spot, the smg toting high speed player who doesn't stop for even a moment, ect. The problem is that COD now only supports fast hectic game play based around the non-stop speed freak, meaning that players who prefer to go a bit slower and rake up a moderate amount of kills, but very few deaths are no longer able to play the game with that kind of style.TL;DRCOD only supports fast paced hectic gameplay with no real continuity between games.
campaign dosen't even work just sits on loading screen only bought this for the zombies and modern warfare
I tried several options to fix mouse jitter/stuttering (mouse suddenly jumps 3-4 inches worth of mouse movement) and spent around an hour to fix it, and was unable to do so, rendering the game essentially unplayable. 90fps cap as well, just to top it off.  Avoid at all costs until patched.P.S. Not performance issues; tried lowering all settings and am running on a 6700k and GTX 1080. Also no FRAPS open.
if not for the zombies and original remastered modern warfare, i never would have bought this..just taking call of duty to the next level of mindless shooting..
Worst cod game I've ever played. The only redeeming is MWR being amazing. Can we stop with the futuristic, robotic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? It's hasn't, isn't, and never will be fun.
Game is trash. No leaderboards. 10 Game modes across the entire multiplayer portion, and overall poor design.
I pre-ordered this game after not having played a CoD games since Black Ops.  I also was greaty looking forward to MW: Remastered. MW: Remastered will be a great product when it comes out one day as a stand-alone purchase.  The game actually looks better than Infinite Warfare and the guns and gameply are better.IW:  A complete was of 60 USD.  The story was decent in the first hour and a half, but the gameplay is so underwhelming, it would have been best left to a movie instead.  The graphics, maxed out on a 980 look like something from 2011.  The guns are bland, lack a sense of feel and all seem virtually the same.  The multiplayer experience is visually plain and suffers from all the problems found in singleplayer.  Oh, and if your friend(s) bought the game in the Windows 10 store, they cannot play with anyone who bougth the game on Steam, or the Xbone!I am getting a refund and trying BF1 or Titanfall 2.
Reasons I bought this:COD 4Martian ManhunterJon SnowI wanted cancer, this provided.
Refund experience was outstanding because I was within the 2 hour play limit, thanks guys! Horrible BS 'futuristic' DOOM/Unreal Tournament theme, I really do feel this is completely the wrong direction to take the franchise. Please IW, press CTRL+ALT+DEL and put us back to the cold war or something. Gameplay for me felt very odd - movement/handling characteristics felt like running in water etc... Lacklusture/boring maps. I was expecting Sonic to come spinning around the corner at any moment!!! It's a Turkey!Perhaps after some patches and additonal work it might be worth another shot but in its present state I'm not prepared to drop any coin on it so I'm out.Cheers.
The one reason why i hate the game is because of this one glitch that happense when u end a match instead of giving u 4 keys it gives me 0 so theres no goal in the game and it pointless to try to make it work
Can load the game, but havn't been able to play it.Zombies makes me watch the cutscene everytime, then goes to a blackscreen.Campaign never loads after the first cutsceneMultiplayer games will get stuck on "Game Started, Loading Map"Changing ANY graphics option crashes the game
waste of ♥♥♥♥ing time
I should have bought battlefield.
What a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. why i bought this ♥♥♥♥ing game, i dont know but i must of been high on coke, meth and acid. I might have just of tryed to play it on a potatio for all that the host server connections have done for me. Crashed every time i went back into the main menu and never connectd to a lobby (zombies and mp). Saying that COD 4 is amazing and i love to bits except for the new patch they put out that crashes the game so thanks for smashing that dream. p.s. New keyboard is needed as its smashed thansk to this game 10/10 will smash keyboard on this again
I went into this game not expecting much after playing Titanfall 2 and Battlefield 1 and I was glad as it is crap compared to both of these other games.The story was ok, but there was no WOW moments that made it memorable. The space combat was absolutely crap and was only used to pad out the story and make it feel like it has something.The Graphic quality is exactly like the last few COD games and is pretty average.The multiplayer is a disappointment, when you can find a game it crashes and just isn't enjoyabble
Anyone else here have some kind of malfunction where Capt. Reyes Jackal wont recover on his flight after being hit with that blasted olympus♥♥♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥ing bug ♥♥♥♥♥ in the game,, someone help , I cant progress with the Campaign mode,, need help asap,
This game is utter garbage.  Running a GTX 1080, Graphics stink, not even on the same level as Advanced Warfare. Lots of stutter, poor optimization for PC, multiplayer stinks. Bought it for COD MW Remastered, and even that runs like total garbage.  Avoid at all costs, Buy BattleField 1 or save your $$$.  COD has officially gone down the toilet.
Honestly this game is trash. All the noob friendly additions to the game just makes it so you have even more stupid ways to die that are unavoidable. Cod4 RM isn't worth dealing with the price and this terrible game. And honestly, people who praise this game are dumb.
I've played the multiplayer for around 11 hours now, and I have come to the conclusion that this is not a good CoD game.Now Im not one of those kids or imature adults that yell and shout that "This years CoD" is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have an open mind and stay neutral.Overall, the feeling in the game is not satisfactory, and this is reason enough to quit the game.Titanfall 2 is the superior shooter this year, and Black Ops 3 stays the best CoD since Black Ops 2.
Boooo Son Booooo
Never Have i wanted to kill myself more in my entire life.I couldnt shoot anybody because they were flying all around the place.Only bought for Remastered.
Its like black ops 3 and ghosts had a love child... without the love. Its like ghosts hate♥♥♥♥ed black ops 3.Seriously though the performance is inconsistant as ever. Sometimes I get a stable 91 fps and that is if i am lucky, Sometimes It runs stable it sure as hell doesnt seem like it and at other times i dont pass 40 fps....Speaking of 91 fps... why the ♥♥♥♥ing 91 fps? Its better than 30/60 fps but ♥♥♥♥ing hellAlso the (s)hit-detection is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible.The graphics are nothing spectatular either...Some good things are the weapons and maps which is about it. I havent played the campaign yet because i dont want to be a victim of horrible perfromance anymore. Sorry if i this wasnt well structured or whatever.
3/∞
Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, Tried multiplayer : won't find a lobby + if it does = crashes. Singleplayer stuck at loading screen. Zombies stuck at loading screen
If you are a call of duty fanboy enjoy your game. PROS: Modern warfare CONS: Infinuty warfare The multiplayer is BAD, Zombies does not feel like a Call of duty zombies game. DONT BUY IT.
Fun campaign with some honestly beautiful cut scenes and moments. Then again, some cut scenes randomly went down to 30 fps which was annoying. Doubt it was hardware side, cos i'm running a Titan x...Multiplayer and zombies is a complete joke i'm afraid. I expected it for multiplayer but not zombies...Like 99% of the other people who own this, I bought it for MW Remastered. At least I got 7 hours from the campaign.If you can resist the temptation, wait  for them to release MW Remastered as a standalone as this is both a waste of money and space in you're library.
No local split screen. Lame.
There's a bug where in in game mute wont work, so if you having a raging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in your group you're stuck with them or leave. Harshes my mellow. If or whenever that's fixed I think the game is fine and enjoyable enough.
Zombies player here so I will only be talking about zombies.I love the concept and their new features in the game like tickets, afterlife arcade, souvenir coins and all that stuff. I love the their ideas on their new wonder weapons like the buildable pistols like the dischord and the freeze gun you can get from  the ticket stand.However, i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this. Why? Is to damn hard! The weapons does absolutly no damage at all. If you have a pack a punched LMG with elemental upgrade and shoot zombies in the head it still takes forever for them to die. The freeze gun runs out of ammo way to quick and its thunder effect is way to small. Zombies takes forever to kill and lets not talk about how long time it takes to kill the brute. The buildable pistols are ok but its not good to take out an entire train of zombies or a brute. Its more good to take out a single zombie. If you have a train of zombies after you and your buildable pistols are the only weapons you have. You have to spray alot to kill all of them. And the quest for the pistols are to hard. Why I think its to hard is because you need to collect souls into the UFOs that move around the map to get a part for it. Its needs way to much zombies and as said before, they are way to hard to kill.
Rubbish still cannot play
Possibly the worse game ever created by a human being
Despite the negativety CoD: Infinite Warfare is a great campaign game. Maybe a bit predictable, but don't buy this for the multiplayer. If you get this game get it for the campaign and Modern Warfare campaign. This is clearly a port TO the PC instead of a port to the consoles, which is the greatest hurdle imo.TL;DRGreat campaign, bad MPBuy it for the campaign and Modern Warfare.
sorry guys, but this is realy bad. If I can, i will return this game immediately.multiplayer - mouse sensitivity - on zero, still mega movement, not possible to switch-off mouse acceleration. Terrible realy terrible playing with this. In black ops III no problem, everything about mouse movement cool but when I start this new game, I would like to uninstall it fast.zombies - i haved played so so many hours on black ops III zombies and I was realy looking forward to new zombies in Infinite Warfare. But one big disappointing. You made it for 10 years children. Sorry. I will not start it again.campaign - the best from these, but no possible the jump over 5-10minutes video? Realy? I would like to play, no watch this. So maybe I try the campaign again but for now I  regret so much that I have bought this game and I am going to relax at Black Ops III which is 1000x better.Sorry but I will never recommend to buy Infinite Warfare.p.s. The "tab" key for score numbers - why you did this? Why I have to push it twice to disappear? This is not normal. It works so many years and you have to change it? Do you even try to play it?
The modern warfare stutters and the Infinity Warfare won't even start (it sits on black screen).I had no problems running Black Ops 3.
Infinite warfare shows no innovation from the previous year which was Black Ops 3. I guess we could say that about almost every Call of Duty. In general this game is not optimised for the PC whatsoever with frequent crashes and a locked framerate of 90. The framerate seems to unlock when you are playing single player though.The single player is strong - Infinity ward tend to do the best singleplayer Call of Duty's and this one is amazing too. But this alone does not justify its price tag especially as I bought the deluxe edtion for MWR. Multiplayer on the otherhand is truly terrible. The game feels buggy and it feels like a lazy port from console. The time to kill is extremely fast for a COD game. Over all I wouldn't reccommend until it goes on sell. Only reccommended for singlepayer.
I've been a cod fan for many years and I've always been able to enjoy them, but in this one I simply don't get that feeling, you can get attacked from anywhere and it's pretty much pay to win. Season pass holders get 10 rare supply drops every day. That gives them gun variants. If you buy this game, buy it for the deluxe edition, otherwise it's not worth the money. MWR I do enjoy and that's what I will be playing.
The game: The game is Call Of Duty, the game USED to BE fun, i bought it today and i refunde 1 hour 8 min after the game mechanics are decent. the PVP aspect goes like this: Shoot First die first, i going of from this call of duty forever what game would be a better option -.- BF1 or Titanfall 2
Micro Stutter out the♥♥♥♥
Its a prety good game if:-This is mostly a run and shoot game,no camp spots on  maps-You play with people that afford a keyboard or mouse..was a jokeBad Stuff:-Lobby full of controllers-People using 3rd party emulators to take advantage of aim assist with a MOUSE(see BO3 forums)-If you use sync every frame ,will not jump over 60-I have seen a CHEATER ...do you think they will take a break in the first days..nop -mouse acceleration its prety bad ,need to take alot of adjustements- If you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Video card will run like  my case its not that case -Will need more patches to fix various things-The sound has a high pitch ...maybe if from my system -the rigs that you use look like they have been made in CHINA
Worst excuse for a call of duty game I've ever seen.CoD 4 Remastered is 10/10 though. Only plus side.
Dont buy, multiplayer is ridiculous and goes to same category with AW
First things first, I bought the retail version and from where i come from the store i purchased this from does not accept refunds. So lets begin.Im nearly 1st Prestige on multiplayer so i can say i played more than most people who just refund the game and post negative reviews. First of all so many things are missing. I dont know if its the same for consoles but as of right now, there is NO Combat Record, some game modes are missing from the standard selection screen but available if one selects Mosh Pit mode (things like Kill Confirmed, Hardpoint and even Search and Destroy) The only thing that bothers me so much is the time to kill and get killed. Its insanely fast. And that probably has to do with the guns since nearly every full auto weapon is like shooting a BO3 Vesper with the damage of a Gorgon LMG! The games been running smooth for me no issues at all so thats a good thing right there. Ill start with the pros.Pros : -Plays smooth at least for me-Guns are interesting (especially the AKs energy bullet shooting brother, Volk)-Campaign (I find it amazing)Cons :-Clunky movement (will expand on this)-Maps (more on that aswell)-Gun Camos -Not enough ways to get Salvage/Keys unless you pay for Season Pass -Supply Drops-Variants (not really a con since at this moment you cannot pay for them but i guess that day will soon come and more broken variants will be added)-Hit Detection-Combat Record is missing, no way to see your stats as of right now except for your global k/d and score per minute after the end of a matchSoo lets go a little bit into more detail MOVEMENT: Feels like BO3 got a downgrade, at times you cannot wall run or grab ledges.MAPS: Honestly all of the maps are pure trash. Possibly the smallest maps in the entire franchise. I played Domination and B was literally next to C or A on some maps, also some times as soon as you spawn and go to your spawns flag, enemies are already near you! Its like they took Shipment from COD4 and just expanded the map a bit and put a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of corridors and places underground or above ground just to make it playable for 6v6 without everything being so tight. Really the worst maps in the entire franchise.GUN CAMOS : To put it simply, its like you dipped your entire gun in a pool of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ paint. Some camos are cool but they cover the entire gun so it makes it look ugly in my opinion. Supply Drop camos might be cool but as of now i only have Honeycomb for SMGs and it makes every SMG look like its made out of a big block of honeycomb. UGLY. HIT DETECTION : Seriously, so many times i have aimed for the head, killed the person and it wouldnt even register as a headshot, you really have to aim just above the head or something. No idea if its just me but i rarely see someone getting a headshot kill online and thats needed for Assault Rifles if you want to unlock all camos. Had no problem getting headshots on BO3 where that was needed for almost every weapon if you wanted to unlock camos.SALVAGE : Honestly i find it awesome that you can craft weapons just by playing the game but already season pass holders get 1k salvage as daily login bonus while the rest of us get like 10 (dont know if the amount is higher but i got 10 since release) The game even tries to make me get season pass by showing me what i would get as a daily bonus if i owned it!Really wish this game had something like BO1 contracts but instead of the points they used to give in BO1 they would give salvage/keys. Im nearly 1st Prestige and I havent made a variant yet and only have like 800 which are enough for like 1 Rare? Which is either 500 or 1500 cant remember right now.TL;DRGame runs well, has stuff like core game modes missing but available in Mosh Pit mode, Gun camos look ugly, the hit detection at least for me is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i aim for the head and i get a standard kill, Maps are horrible and smaller than ever and the movement system is completely trash. Seems like they tried to copy BO3 but created a horrible downgrade. I wont lie i had fun, but it has so many bad things its not even worth 30 euros let alone 60. I wish i could refund this and get Titanfall 2 or even The Division season pass. Just play something else this year, its not even worth buying and mark my words, it will become pay to win soon, more variants will be added and supply drops will be available to purchase with money and yeah...we get another AW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Will edit this when i spend more time playing it and once im done with Campaign.Small Edit 01 : Multiplayer seems  All i see is the same people over and over and people who just installed the game or something. Well as far as i can tell, there arent that many people playing the PC version.--------------------------------------------EDITS------------------------------------------------EDIT 01 : Finished the campaign and i must say, it felt like a completely different game, the maps the view literally everything was fantastic, the guns felt amazing and so on. You have plenty of space to move around within the gunfights and the missions were really epic. The characters were fantastic aswell (Well ill just say this, E3N) Honestly I dont know what went wrong with the online portion of the game, I also hit Prestige 1 but i dont think im gonna play any more than that, maybe if they decide to fix all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and make CoD Multiplayer a proper shooter thing and not a grind-to-get-keys to maybe get lucky and open a supply drop with an epic variant or grind for salvage for ages to craft a weapon that has reduced recoil than its standard variant etc, if i wanted an RPG shooter id go play Borderlands or Division, seriously like these 2 games are a billion times better than this pile of trash, i honestly wanna play it more since i paid for it but it doesnt make me wanna continue playing even the zombies portion is trash. Ill go grind on Division for the time being, IW can just gather dust in my library until everythings fixed. Which trust me it wont, soon youll be able to buy them supply things and they will add variants like "kill 3 enemies and god mode activates for 10 seconds, pay now for 10 rare supply drops to get this awesome gun!" and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that so this kid infested community will just buy heaps with their parents credit card. Seriously i dont have anything with kids playing CoD its just that the supply drop is just a big gamble and can become a money eating addiction and for that reason it needs to be removed and never return, at least the paying option if they ever add one which in my opinion they will, it brings so much money so yeah dont think they gonna miss an opportunity to milk this franchise even more. I could think of a million ways to actually make them supply things a better thing but nah, we just gotta grind like 20 matches for 30 keys to have a chance getting a gun yeah so fun. Anyways sorry for the article i wrote for a review. I guess ill edit again once stuff has changed. If they change.
Modern Warfare Remastered is good. All that's new is obviously the graphics, and some quality of life updates. They obviously designed this with longevity in mind, because you can now reach 20th prestige, and go above and beyond the standard gold skins for guns (by performing challenges like 150 headshots, so it's still a sign of how much you've played, and not how many crates you’ve opened) .The graphics are pretty standard. The playermodels look amazing, and the guns themselves look detailed. Some maps have benefitted more from this remaster than others, as some still look very dated. My only negative criticism of this game is the lack of players. Hopefully if it gets a standalone release we'll see a player boost and have a dedicated community for many years to come! But in order for this to happen we need a server browser with dedicated server support. I fail to see how the original cod4 had a server browser and this doesn't. Hopefully one will be added in the future, but if not then the lack of actual servers could ultimately spell the demise of this great gameNow onto Infinite Warfare. The single player is great, with a neat spin on the standard difficulty curve thanks to the addition of a new mode called "YOLO". In this mode death is permanent. Once you die, that's it, you start from the very beginning. Health doesn't regenerate, and headshots will instantly kill you unless you can find a helmet. I wish this were a little more fleshed out, but overall the story is good and very enjoyable, unlike most of the recent cods.]The online is... Well. Let's start by saying that the UI is god awful. Emblems all look the same, and you can't even see your ping in ms. It FEELS like a console port. Game modes are also non existent. You get less than 10 game modes in total, with my personal favourites: demolition and sabotage being some of those missing from this game. How they can think REMOVING game modes and not ADDING more is beyond me. Because of the player base numbers, you will ultimately have the great pleasure of playing TDM constantly. Well... That is if it's peak time. If you're trying to play late at night you can wave goodbye to online altogether thanks to the measly 15k player peak.Negatives aside, the sound and gameplay are both great. Guns feel and sound amazing. I have no issues with performance, because I'm not an idiot who updates their drivers constantly for no reason. I'm currently sitting on a year old Nvidia driver (before you needed an account to update) and have no issues whatsoever. In summary: Single player is great, zombies is meh, and online is bad. The gameplay is solid, as always. But ultimately the UI and lack of care for the PC community will mean this game never gets the attention it deserves. You can see how great this game could've been. But sadly their care only for consoles means that this game won't ever reach what it so desperately aspires to be.(mwr is gud tho. pls release standalone so it wont die.)EDIT:So why did no one buy this game? The answer, battlefield. For some reason people have an affinity for comparing and pitting cod against battlefield when they are completely different games. If you have money, buy cod. It's a fun arcade shooter that's fast paced. This is effectively the modern quake at this point. People hating on cod are just jumping on the bandwagon of "HAHA COD IS BAD LOL SAME GAME EVERY YEAR LOL! XD". Battlefield is just as bad. BF1 has A LOT of issues. But I'm not gonna say it's♥♥♥♥♥♥or compare it to cod at all, because they are DIFFERENT GAMES. People need to stop riding on meme♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and treat video games as what they are, toys. You're paying money to entertain yourself for a few weeks, and cod does so amazingly..
COD is dead.  HOrrible horrible horrible game.  Multiplayer consists of jumping around and randomly shooting.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
Let me preface this by saying I've been playing COD games since I was a kid. I used to love these games, especially the modern warfare series. On to my review:I enjoyed the singleplayer but it was short. Could have expanded the story, added a few more things and it probobly would have been great. I dont find the multiplayer fun but thats just me. Zombies is ok, didnt feel like anything was really cool or new there. Graphics are decent, I ran everything at the highest levels.Ultimately, I give a thumbs down as I'm confused to how this game warrents a $60 price tage + a $40 dollar season pass. $100 bucks? Really? There are early access games on here that cost $20 with more gameplay and content than this. Enjoy that $60 bucks IW, its the last dime youll get from me.
The IW campaign is fine , but the mp .... Activision decides to split pc players who bought game from steam and windows 10 store in multiplayer.Couldn't even find players for modes other than tdm and domination. The mw remaster, I don't know is it just me or wht, the optimization is horrible, bugs everywhere(in mp).My gtx970 cant run the recommend graphic setting smoothly.Bf 1 is way better(the multiplayer).
So I actually played a lot of Black Ops 3 on the console and loved it. After playing this game for about an hour I was not having fun and it was not optimized very well for PC (no surprise.) This is hands down one of the worst games I have ever experienced and I don't think Activision could pay me to play this game since it has no real value; not even multiplayer is the least bit fun. I really hope they learn from their mistakes and trying to re-invent the wheel to make a fun experience again that people will love. Shame shame shame....(Titanfall 2 is the new COD expeience IMHO and I will continue to play that game since it has free DLC and one of the best campaigns I have played in a long while)
I feel like the game was absolutely ruined by the way the campaign ended. It just wasn't very well supported, and it was kind of a string of 'well we need to manufacture a reason to meaningfully martyr everybody one after another' moments that just didn't fit together very well, following some really poorly thought through plot decisions. Then, I played the multiplayer. And. I don't think I'm going to bother doing that again any time soon.I can see how some people might dig this game. I can also see how plenty of people didn't.
bad port refunded
Don't make the same mistake I did, do not get this game on PC. Console is fine but this multiplayer is borderline unplayable and not fun at all. The story and zombies for PC is somewhat ok but multiplayer is difficult to even find anyone and its not fun at all.
Okay i couldnt really judge if the gameplay was♥♥♥♥♥♥as i didnt really get into it. But i shall say i refunded it because of the fact it runs like utter utter♥♥♥♥♥♥well single player runs good but the multiplayer wow so laggy and hardly anyone was playing and i have a decent pc that runs titanfall 2 and bf1 in high to ultra settings. I bought the game just for the remaster! How the ♥♥♥♥ did they ♥♥♥♥ it up like how the ♥♥♥♥!!! it too runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think ill re-buy it on ps4 as its not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port!
cool the best♥♥♥♥♥♥you can get for 65$
cod died when they released this game .
it's♥♥♥♥♥
I haven't played infinity warfare much so this review is more geared toward CoD Remastered. Really upsetting when you have to buy two games just to get one you want and that one isn't even complete. The server issues are extremely frustrating, I get stuck at 100% loading multiple times a day and either have to wait for the server time out or manually end the game. Me and my friends have struggled just to play a couple of games together and it usually boots one of us out after a few games. I know its hard to complete a game you've already created especially in the years you have to prepare coming up to this. Also when are you going to shell out some dedicated servers from the billions of dollars you guys are pulling in?
Another COD game that is actually a reskinned COD MW, graphics, gameplay, sounds, themes, all of is actually Modern Warfare, don't waste money on this buy Titanfall 2 instead it's quite better.
Came just for MW:R and zombies.Haven't tried IW campaign and never will,multiplayer sucks,zombies is pretty good tho,MW:R campaign is great as alwaysmultiplayer is better with boots on the ground systemno ♥♥♥♥♥♥ "combat rigs"graphics improved and you don't have to have a million dollar gaming rigIW = 10/100MW:R = 10/10
This game is Ghoists all over agiain with it's constant lag issues and Insta-spawn kills since the game spawns you 10 feet in front of an enemie
On release day I was hypted for this game, but then I played it and realized it's dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game is to inconsistent and needs a lot to fix it's issues. 3/10 One of the worst CODs yet
The entire game felt so much like an episode of startrek and was so repetitive with the scene where they all gather round the table in the space ship and "space warp through time" to their next destination and count down "3...2...1" it felt cheesy and got old quickly.Character deaths meant nothing because of no real connection.The villian in the game "Jon snow" as most know him by was WAY under utilised. He was in like 2 or 3 scenes in the game and that was it. And the scenes he was in were not long and had no real story to them.  Conor mcgregor (ufc) was also in the game.for one 2 second long scene in which he said nothing and did nothing.The final mission wasbuggy. 2 charactors had just bodies with no heads and level within a space station and all of the textures were invisible ..could only see enemies on levels above/below me but had to navigate my way through an invisible map in order to access where the enemies were until the next cut scene when everything returned to normal. Also The final credit roll after the game has an "interactive charactor death dialog" I guess you could call it. which was tediously boring and pointless beyond the fact you earn an acheivment at the end..who wants to do the "dab" on top of a cheeseburger in a food themed map for example?....thats what call of duty is now! lol.Go back to your roots CODMy review was much longer and more in depth but steam wouldnt let me post it. Just know, this game is bad, cod franchise is bad. and they need to take a couple year break and fix things before its to late. I don't recommend buying beyond the fact modern warfare remastered (bugs and all) has potential.
Could you possibly remaster the loading screens too? I mean it's a pretty loading screen and all, brings back memories. But that doesn't mean I wanna be looking at it for the entirety of a match
Worst CoD ever. Game developers should be ashamed of themselves for trying to sell such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Refunded.
same old cod only got it for mwr and zombies
I bought the game Friday it's been several days since then and I have been having a very hard time looking for a public multiplayer game.  It seems that this community for the PC is very small.  Much smaller then the past COD games
I am reviewing the IW multiplayer and oh man, it is bad. BO3 multiplayer is way better when comparing to this piece of crap, weapon sound is terrible and graphics are sub par. Made a mistake of buying this throuh a trird party so no refunds.
Sorry Jon Sown, asking for a refund.
call of duty infinte warfer , its hard to find a mutch solve the problem fast!!
If you have a non-gaming PC, such as I, just get out. You won't get more than 30 frames, no matter what you do. Wether you optimize your disk, or not. Do the coding, etc. JUST DON'T GET IT. THE GAMEPLAY IS CRAP, TOO.
Do not buy this game, atleast not until it is fixed. Infinite Crashes despite trying many different things to get it to run. Have only managed to join a game once and it crashed almost immediately. Other than that it has crashed before even getting to the multiplayer screen every time. The remastered COD4 is great, and actually works, runs at a smooth 90fps at 4k, but it is not worth paying the ludicrous price for what is an old game. I was stupid enough to buy this through a reseller so can't even get a refund for a game that does not work in the slightest.
If you are buying for Remastered DONT you may get to play 1 game every 30min do to Server Connections and Fails AND! for me atleast if only lets me play like 3maps I dont get to enjoy all of them like Crash!
Game does not have many options for optimization like Black Ops 3, can't lower reder resolution less than 100%, will run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ like 15 FPS for me. MWR also has garbage FPS, I'm not the only one.
Poor
like the sci fi setting. hate the infinite respawning enemies, feels like a step backwards. too bad i bought it from cdkeys, can't get refund :(
Singleplayer = OK.Multiplayer = SUCKS.
WTF is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ xd
This game feels like playing an improved gameloft  Modern Combat in Android  and I really don't like it. I am totally disappointed buying this game :/  Back to BO3 in the mean time.
Infinite warfare is filled with hackers
First of all, I love almost all the COD games. However, I cannot play this. The campaign gameplay makes me feel terrible motion sickness (despite stable 60FPS and lots of play time on other space games like SC) and the multiplayer leaves so much to be desired. Terribly disappointed that I have to refund this game, I really wanted it to be good.
Promised dedicated servers are non existent, rather Activision/Infinity Ward do have a different interpretation of a dedicated server as the player base have. It is still the matchmaking system introduced years ago.I bought it hoping that CoD:MW Remastered Multiplayer would be like it was years ago, but I got badly disappointed.
Dis kak . moenie koop
I have an i7 and a 1070 graphics all my games run in ultra and this runs as a horrible stuttering mess. I was looking forward to playing the MW remastered but it doesn't even load, it says 'memory error'. I'm dissapointed in myself for giving this company more money. I heard they sold 250 million of the last game and made more than the music industry so why they don't put any effort into the PC port can't be a finance thing- are they motivated to fail us. This at a time where OW and TF2 are beautiful technical achievements where the DLC is included- a better business model to help you buy the game. Overpriced, and doesn't work would be my summary at the moment.
I bought this for MW remastered and IW single player. Single player is really good and fun to play. Remastered MW is awesome to play after nearly 10 years but there are not enough players online and it's dead already. IW multiplayer is total sh*t. Its trying really hard to be TITANFALL 2. If you want future FPS go buy TITANFALL 2. Awesome campain, awesome multiplayer. If you don't like titans there is mode just for pilots. DON'T BUY THIS FOR MP OR REMASTERED!!!!
COD 4 Remastered Review - Asking for a refund.I'll be honest, I bought this game completely for Modern Warfare Remastered, I couldn't care less about Infinity Warfare and have next to no desire to play it, so if you're like me, this is probably the review for you.As it is, the game looks like it is in a good state, as far as I can tell, everything is just how it used to be. However, if you want to purchase this game for the Multiplayer, I would strongly advise AGAINST purchasing this game in its current state.Currently the lag in multiplayer is absolutely awful, and this seems to be for everyone. There's at least about a 200ms delay. If you're fine playing with that, alright, but it seriously changes the way you have to play the game.The next issue I have with this game, is if you're like me, you paid Â£80 for just the MW. Unfortunately it looks like they have the intent to make you pay even more money, as they haven't included any of the old DLC maps in this pack. This is purely base game. I can't see any other reason these packs aren't included.
Ok. So all of these negative reviews are complete and utter garbage. Infinte Warefare is a fair game. It sets its place in time and really sells itself to be a futuristic shooter. Yes, it has similar jumping mechanics as black ops 3. In another light, it improved upon their boost system from Advanced Warfare. Infinty Ward saw the movement of Black Ops 3 and implemented a similar movement system in their game. Which, for the time and setting, works extremely well. Yes, its multiplayer is kind of lack luster as it is a standard staple in any Call of Duty game. The multiplayer is dry and does not lend itself anything unique to the player. This is more or less just for those who just enjoy the run and gun Call of Duty multiplayer. Either way, its pretty bad. Also the PC version has even worse PvP. Good progression, but with almost no one to progress against, its kind of sad.Now, lets get to the meat and potatos of this review, the campaign. This has got to be one of the most fun and emotionally hitting Call of Duty campaigns I have played since Call of Duty: Modern Warfare. Even though the main campaign has flaws like A.I. bugs and what not, it can be overlooked for its great mission system and its well writen story. You start out playing a newly-appointed captain in the United Nation's Space Alliance (UNSA), Nick Reyes, who is tasked to lead a crew to defeat the Settlement Defense Front (SDF), a group of insurgents who broke away from the UNSA. This campaign has the right amount of action and depth I would want from a Call of Duty campaign. There are 3 different mission types. You have your main story mission and 2 side mission types. Those being infiltration missions and a space flight missions with your ship (of which, in my opinion, has really good controls). After doing a few infiltration missions, I realized that the maps look rather similar in layout. But that can be excused being that there are standards in layouts of ships.Last thing to talk about is Zombies in Spaceland. It's fun, it's zombies, and it has easter eggs, and its great. The boss is extremely difficult and there are really nice mechanics added in. I can only say try this out. One tip, learn the locations of the power switches. There are 5 in total and you will miss them. The traps are probably some of the most hilarious traps I have seen. I remember finding the monkey bomb silly, this beats the cake. It has a ticket system where you can buy certain grenades and extras in the map by playing mini-games/arcade games and completeing objectives on top of the existing money system. Manage your points, aim for the legs in the first round, and don't forget to Hassel the Hoff.I hope this review was helpful. I am going to say it isn't worth the entire $60 asking price, so probably wait for a sale if you aren't a die-hard CoD fan. If you would like more reviews from me, give this review a thumbs up!
Not allowing me to play on multiplayer. Have tryed everything i can to fix.
COD needs a vacation!!!!!!!!!quite simply cod needs a couple years out,get the boots back on the ground,build a decent engine,and fix the constanit lag issues and get dedicated servers all round,so is infinate warfare bad as a game?no it does what it set out to do,be as gineric as it can be to rake in the cash and on that it did its job.add in the blatant cash grab in COD points and the pay to win eliment of guns only avalible in the advanced packs being very op than you have the whole point of infinate warefare.with almost every game lag riddin,or 1 player sided its quite simply not much fun at all.and as for the game engine well it seems like it can not run the game well at all,lag spikes fps drops,dieing and then the kil cam shows a player 5 feet in frount of you when there wasnt,the game is just bad and im reviewing this 6 months in to the game life cycle so it shows the devs dont seem to want to fix anything .hit reg is wonkey on some guns with only maybe 2/5 shots registering on some guns,shot guns being over powerd at long range and AR being so lackluster there almost pointless useing them.the game now has loot with common guns being very bad and epic/legendry being sometims so over powerd that its often quite confuseing how you die in some instances.this could be why so meany rounds have cheat calls against some players who seem well to good to be natual and not artifical tbh,but im not going to rule out the fact there is most defintly some wallhacks and aim bots in the game .all in all the game is quite bad and i would totaly avoid infinate warfare,tbh i would avoid call of duty all together and wait till activision gets ther act together and stop useing the comunity as a cash cow and ripping us all off.i give this game 3/10the game is there but somewere along the way the devs lost track on there vision and didnt quite know were they were going with it.
I wouldn't recommend buying the game if you want to play it for the MULTIPLAYER. Havent yet played the singleplayer. So  can't say anything on that part, but multiplayer is where most people use their time. But zombie mod tho!!!! OMG i havent had this much fun in a COD game in a loooong time (Havent played BO3 zombie mode. regret it now tho) The 80s style zombie mode is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast to play! Can't even explain to friends how cool it is and probably cant explain it here. It's something you have to experience yourself! Just be ready for a 80s neon and laser party!EDIT 1: I've played the singleplayer now. Not really impressed. it has some good moments but not enough to compensate for all the things that bring the game down. Feels like a copy.... again..mediocre/10
This game is bad.Edit:Call Of Duty 2 was great game to start with. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare was awesome,because it changed everything but kept the fun teamplay and balance between classes. Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 was the beginning of bad games. Maps and weapons were awesome but goodbye teamplay with that dynamic servers. Similar things apply to MW3, BO, BO2 etc. Now we have Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare with Modern Warfare Remastered. MW were supposed to be same as original but with new graphics. In reality it looks same but everything else has changed. No more dedicated servers, game laags on latest rigs (DOA), you can't open console, mouse setting are either fast or slow, can't disable mouse acceleration and the list goes on.COD:IW is MLG gameplay to all. 95% of ppl are in TDM. TDM estimated life span is 15 - 25 sec. You either spawn in front of enemy, run into just spawned enemies, camp and get knifed behind or get killed by 1shot5kills weapon. Any other "slower" mode were you maybe can use tactics has no players. Also has this CAN'T DISABLE MOUSE ACCELERATION crap.I bought this game because I wanted to play COD:MW. In reality COD:MW is DOA and COD:IW is just bad game. If you have lots of money or believe commercials go ahead and buy this game or if you want same experience take 80€ and set it on fire (same thing), otherwise don't bother buying this game.
Video Review: Summary: It's bog standard when it comes to MP and Zombies. The singleplayer campaign is the only element of the game that attempts new things. It's a fun romp through the solar system but the gameplay leaves a lot to be desired. I would give this one a miss.
Does anyone also have a freeze when starting the game at the point when "activision" appears.. I cant get any further than this.. Tried a lot.. updated everything... I need help PLEASE
EA is killing it right now. Both of their recently released games have been a blast to play. Whereas, Activision, ye... umm, here are some supply drops. You can get a variant of a weapon that LITERALLY (leafy) gives you a scorestreak that could kill every single person in the enemy team. Oh wait, you'll never get it because the time to kill is insanely short. I haven't played this game for a long time but i know for a fact, this is the worst call of duty to date. Even modern warfare remastered isnt anything special if you ask me. My advise is, if you're buying this game for modern warfare remastered, wait until it's released sperately AND at a cheaper price, however if you're getting this game solely for Infinite warfare, just don't. It's sluggish, compared to titanfall 2It's slow pacedIt'll take you ages to find a match (depending on the mode)Just get titanfall 2, A futuristic shooter done right
Sorry to say but this game is very poorly optimized for pcWouldn't recommend it for any one the game has.lost it's spark completely
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare Ok I must say that the singleplayer was really cool but let me think lets see here oh yeahThe multiplayer I am really shock about the multiplayer and the zombies First multiplayer it is seriously it is an unfinished Multiplayer game I ever played in my whole life.Second the zombies what I am looking at it is the game it took so long to find players in the game what the heck is going on. They should complete this game . I am really fustrated by playing this and really disapointed because of it is really hard to find the players in zombies. I really like the singleplayer I will give a singleplayer a 10 out of 10The multiplayer and the zombies are 4 out of 10 really disappointing
I also was pretty hyped and couldn't wait to jump into the action.....I care more for Multiplayer as i do for the single, and always been a big fan of Zombies as well.Grabbed myself a beer, doritos and fire away!!!First thing i noticed was the game doesn't support widescreen in the menu. Is this a deal breaker? No.... but bo3, battlefield etc do support this natively, so it feels and looks a bit odd.I kept running to the fridge over and over again to grab some more beer because to be honest, the matchmaking and the quality of servers is BROKEN from the start.It takes ages, grew me a beard, to even find a game, not only the first day.....its just hard to get a normal match. It reminded me of Advanced Warfare..... Don't make the same mistake twice...well they did!When i finialy got in a game:What hit me in the face are the poor graphics, really....colours are not vibrant, lack of detail, grainy.... This is not what i expected from a Triplle A game.  Movement is nice, speedy just what you expect from a fps shooter, but wait! havn't i seen this before?To be honest it's a bit of "copy, paste" from Bo3 regarding specialties , characters etc. So the gameplay feels the same, however it would have been nice to see this to be taken to a newer level, not just "oops i did it again". It brings nothing new to the game itself. I found myself bored very very soon....To be honest, it bored the hell out of me, that didn't took me hours. ....remember actual gameplay is even less, because i was unable to find a server in the first place.I was always a fan of Cod, Treyarch did an amzing job on the series in general..but this is where it stops.There is no WOW factor at all, like i did have with Bo3 ( which still is an amazing game).When you play Battlefield for the first time it's cutting edge!Playing those both and coming to this ther's only one conclusion....This just seems like a poor Copy Paste Game with no soul of it's own...Bin there, done that (years ago)i just hope the refund goes way faster then the matchmaking does......
not a fan of season pass and "buy this to get modern warfare". What's worse is, MW is unoptimised to play.
This is honestly ridiculous.  A good chunk of my time "playing" this game was downloading some shader and waiting in lobbies.  I barely touched this game and when i did i did not enjoy.  I thought i would sleep on it and wake up with a different mindset but no.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS GAME. I better get my refund because ive barely played this god awful game
Make it happen and I'll take itAt the moment it never has worked and I run all the latest like Battlefield 1 and all the latest heavy graphics from Steam but this doesn't and so until it does I'm going for a refund.
Pathetic and literally unplayable...Still waiting on support to get back to me...
8/10 game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sliding and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boosting and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ aids and ♥♥♥♥ this gamecod 4 remastered is greatbut ♥♥♥♥ the pc port tbhits better on console dont buybut its still good
This game gave me butt flu and I gave it a chance. Nothing works and its just a lame game. Save your money.
Campaign very goodMulti player is totalâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
CampaignYes still not good as MW but It's getting better than recent COD AW / BO2 (I did't get bo3 yet cause bo2 campaign boring asâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥So You are a captain of Space Ship You are in a middle Space War You have to decide which place You gonna go to assaultbasically it's just side mission you don't have to do it all You can choose your primary mission instead but so far in side mission it no repetiveMost thing I really Impress is Every Level Design it a lot of details Artist really put hard work on this to make it look beliveable Epic Environment!MultiplayerStill same COD, When I played Multiplayer I miss Titanfall so much I don't get Taitanfall 2 yet (cause I'm broke) but if compare with Titanfall 1 , Titanfall 1 Still had more dept gameplay than this oneSad Zomebie ModeNo Comment.OK so far I want to recommend it because Artist who work on this there really push hard work to this I can feel it! but when I look to multiplayer I feel like I can't, I'm sorry, It so much better choice for you out there Titanfall / Battlefieldor just try with yourself you can refund anyway...
Damn! This game is great! Oh wait. I can't â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing get into it because it keeps freezing at the start. Even with my i7 and 1080 gtx 16gb ram. Man I love not being able to play my â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing game. Thanks guys!
*This is a review for Modern Warfare Remastered, not Infinite Warfare.Amazing remake of an amazing game, but with an extra addition: intense lag. I have a six-core, 4.5 star graphics card computer, and this game lags hardcore. I know this is kind of an issue for other people too, but that's why I'm not going to return it, since I know this will be fixed soon. For the small amount of time I had to play without the game having lag was really fun, but at it's current state, this game is practically unplayable.Infinite Warfare is good though.
Good luck trying to connect to a multiplayer game. It took me over an hour to connect last night. If you have a windows store version you cant play with the steam version players, and visa versa.I tried to get a refund but it was denied because I had played a couple hours of the single player...
Dont know, game locks up at start :(
Waste COD: IW and COD: MWR, first optimized particularly poor, special game is not smooth, and always will be no response, activision only the PS4 COD did well but neglected the PC, so I don't recommend this COD: IW and COD:MWR
Campaign doesn't really make sense, multiplayer is recycled and the same. On top of all that there's a framerate cap. Like seriously? Have been doing a ton of research and can't seem to get a straight answer. Can you do splitscreen for the zombies?. In black ops 3 i know you can since i have a steam link that i use when my friends come over. Doesn't seem to give me the option to add a second controller. If somebody knows for sure let me know please so i can decide to get a refund or not.
Terrible game. Possible to fall even further? Apparently so. Dont waste youre money unless you want the remaster and zombies.
Terrible game. Possible to fall even further? Apparently so. Dont waste youre money unless you want the remaster and zombies.
Ok first off, I was so freaking excited to see they were going to bring COD4 back and give it new life. I was a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I saw I had to pay $109cad for Infinite Crapfare in order to get it. Whatever, take my money I'm old school and loved cod4!!!  I have a crazy good system. i7 5820k (oc 4.5ghz on custom water) gtx980ti bla bla. The game runs like absolute trash!!!! Holy hell how can you go so wrong!!!! If you like games that fluctuate between 120fps to 15fps for no reason then this is the game for you! IW ran a little better but the game is recycled garbage from AW and BO3. Wow what a lunch box let down. Submitted a refund.
No split screen like blackops 3. thats pretty disapointing idk why devs remove split screen from pc versions. very pretty graphics especially at 4k if your rig can handle it. Id buy bf1 the lack of split screen ruins it for me especially since everyone expected it since cod bo 3 had it. My rig is the central attraction of my entertainment center and is used on a 55 in 4k tv, i didnt spend nearly 5k on my system for devs to ignore split screen on pc. Pisses me off.
Overall not a good pc port. I have a GTX 970 with 16GB ram and i7 920. Pretty much 97% of my library is buttery smooth with those specs. However, the space levels in infinite warfare are so horribly optimized my pc crashed for the first time in over a year.Will be uninstalling and probably will not be buying next year's release.
worst game i've ever played.. only 3 days after release hackers galor... the game is dead already.. can't believe people got payed and got away with making this trash.... sad to see cod title like this as it's nothing like cod at all even single player you are a captian of a space ship.. what the f has that got to do with cod.. playing around playing space invaders is pathetic and if i was into those sought of games i'd by them... the multi player maps suck truely bad the3 only 3 lanes are now 3 lanes with side streets every 30 yards with 500 corners you have to run around anyone who hates campers gets my point.... can't believe it but 3 days after release and i'm already quiting the game.. it is that bad.. never buy it ever save you hard earned money
split screen is not supported on pc :(
NOTE: This is a MW:R review. I just a few minutes ago went into IW to change around some video settings for when I play it later but all today and part of yesterday I spent time with Modern Warfare Remasterd (a little of multiplayer but I did an entire run-through of Single Player). At a later date I'll update this review with an impression of Infinite Warfare. Alright, so, if you own Modern Warfare on any platform, do not buy this bundle. You have no reason at all to buy this bundle unless you have $80-$100 to literally throw out the window. Until it's sold as a separate title, do not buy this bundle if your main focus is the remaster. The Remaster isn't a bad game by any means. It's actually a ginormous improvement visually over the original. A lot of the gameplay quirks are still there since it's still the same core of the IW3 engine, but visually it looks absolutely divine. On top of the visuals, the multiplayer feels very akin to the revamping of Halo 2's multiplayer. The only down-side being that you do not have access to the original game and it's multiplayer as you do in the Master Chief collection. The multiplayer is sound, fun and exciting. Though it is still the same basic formula from the original. It's a good love letter to the original delivered in an incredibly oversized box. The oversized box containing itself, squished in with a new, (honestly less anticipated) title and slapped with an $80 price tag.Though there is a significant issue in Single-Player with the lack of the ability to change your FOV. You cannot change it in your configuration file because the game overwrites it once a level is loaded and you can't change it in your save file because the game recognizes a bad checksum when you attempt to load the save. Incredibly frustrating to play through the entire campaign at 65 degree field of view.MW:R itself is honestly worth a $25-$30 max price tag. So in a way, if you find you do seriously need Infinite Warfare and you just happen to want this title, then the Digital Legacy is actually quite a steal for you. But for the majority of us excited with the idea of having a remastered COD4 and less excited by a Call of Duty space adventure, $80 is a no go.(Will be inserting my IW review here)Again, to clarify, MW:R is not a bad remaster at all. Honestly I believe it's right up there with The Master Chief Collection (it's online daubles aside) in terms of care and focus on the title. The only downside being the original is not included with the reaster so that we have access to both games' multiplayer (because who doesn't love a 48 player FFA on Bog?). Aside from that, the campaign is the same exact campaign as we remember it with amazing visual retouching and the multiplayer is sound and lightly retouched with all of its original appetizing elements remaining intact. I'll consider this a reccomended title IFF (if and only if) IW is actually a title worth buying on it's own. We are supposed to review IW and not MW:R anyway right? So what sense does it make to reccomend a package deal based on the smaller item in the package that doesn't even have it's own offering?
The game is flawed in the fact its pay to win.   The♥♥♥♥♥♥MM and the shear fact valve/steam do not care about its people sheds light on them .   there both crap companys...
What the game does phenomenally well starts and ends with the story. The gameplay resolutely avoids all the creative possibitilies of its situation, and instead, offers an appetizer style of gameplay moments from prior games like Advanced Warfare, Ghosts, and Black Ops.As Reyes, Captain of the Retribution Space Warfare Carrier, you'll be opening all your own doors, hacking blockers in your path, front lining battles, and pushing progression buttons all the while your subordinates idle nearby with deadpan stares that lack eye blinking. Interestingly enough, you do have a voice as Reyes which further pulls you into the story, but delivery is flat and never quite achieves a sense of personality like in the past with Captain Price, Soap, or Sandman.Do I have something visceral against HUBs? I don't feel so, I try to keep an open mind. It would give me enormous satifascation (and relief) to like HUBs in a game, but I suggest they made a tactical error when they created a HUB in a manner which the pacing has the effect of an overly written daytime soap, and then expect us to hang in there for the entirity of the performance.Long stretches of cutscenes / vignettes bridge together short-lived moments of gameplay, and often enough, come as a sharp intervention during gameplay. Player control is something you'll often find yourself yearning for as hand-holding sytems like the "auto pilot" mode from the Jackals extend their reach into traditional first person shooter gameplay.Conor McGregor has a cameo much shorter than any of Stan Lee's in the MCU, and at times you forget Kit Harington is a villian with his lack of a meaningful menacing presence. The game takes away control by hitting you on the head as a reminder with a fullscreen shader video of an angry and sullen monologue where Harington looks like he can barely contain his doubts about the project after the Reveal Trailer dislike frenzy. Your Humanoid robot, while pulling cues from the beloved TARS robot in "Interstellar", never reaches his full potential as a significant companion due to the lack of direct interactions during gameplay -- take away the witty lines and he'd be just another redshirt.Difficulty was unusually harder than past titles, playing on Regular felt like Veteran in addition to a very noticable lack of check points requiring you to play through significant battles from the start. Most battles are chock-full of spider bots as if a saving grace for fun gameplay, and enemies have a dinstinctly similar color pallette as both the environment and your allies making it indistinguishable on who to shoot half the time. Between your screen going blurry from a single hit, mud and smoke covering your screen, or total black out, designers relentlessly (and unashamedly) throw as many HUD shaders at you to make it harder to see and hit enemies.The campaign isn't all bad though, it starts to get its footing towards the end with missions that have you on a frantic chase through a French Gothic style building or infiltrating an enemy sub-orbital space station. Judging by the evidence on the screen while playing, it feels like there was a disconnect between the writers and designers, with everybody reassuring themselves that since they hired game writers who worked on The Last of Us, inspiration would overcome the team for gameplay.As someone who is a big sci-fi and space fan, I was hoping for more creative vision when it came to the expierence as a player, fortunately though, I saw a really solid story play out. At 4.5 hours doing the main quests and watching the pre-rendered videos, it's worth playing if you can forgive the gameplay and appreciate the artistry in the story.
Pros: Campaign story is very strong         Multiplayer is pretty fun         Moar Zombies and evern more Hoff!          Cons: Campaign feels like modern warfare's?          Guns feel so underwhelming          So many unlocks it feels kinda ridiculous
Dissapointment simulator 2016... Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥Ive ever seen in my life, this game actually gave me cancer.
Make no mistake, I have 10 hours on Cod 4 Remastered, not this trash as game (IW)With that said, here is my review.Synchronizing Game Settings..........................................................Synchronizing Game Settings..........................................................Synchronzing Game Settings..........................................................Lost Connection To Host! (Dedicated servers my♥♥♥♥♥10 Hours of gameplay, with 80% of that time stuck loading a map for it to lose connection.Don't get this game.
Ghost was better
Briefly played it hoping for a refund. Modern Warfare remastered was awesome and I hope to buy it again when its sold seperate. But infinite warfare was poorly done . Do not recommend the multiplayer attttt all poorly balanced. one hit kills all over. Guns are over powered does not feel like the old cod we loved
Game Starts but freezes any time I try to do anything other than navitage the menues.  I didn't have high hopes for this CoD but this is rediculous.  I paid $100 so I could get the remastered CoD 4 and at least that runs but this was not worth the money.
Campaign 8/10Multiplayer 3/10Zombies NACampaign was great, back to COD roots (Played every COD but BO3). It was enjoyable and was very well so far (about 1 hour)Multiplayer was terrible, you shoot someone first but still die first. Some games you go 25-5 or 5-25. Very frustrating too. Don't recommend. (Only played for an hour so I could refund it)
Sorry, the campaign is good but it doesn't make or break the game and although zombies is fun solo I would like to get into a public match but I can't seem to find one. Until they fix it, do NOT buy this game.
This game.......why the ♥♥♥♥?
Specialist payloads are rediculously overpowered and make it so that half the time it isnt even clost to a fair gunfight and you die before you can do anything....  really kills the fun/competativeness.  Other than that... not as bad as people said.
This game is garbage, I would not spend another minute playing this piece of trash.
Floatly mouse & keyboard support, multiplayer dosen't work (takes forever to find a match) - Refunded. COD4 remaster seems decent, I think I'll wait for that!
The lag in this game is so bad is makes it umbearble to play. I know it isnt my system, it's well above specs to run. If it wasnt for the lag this game might be enjoyable.
It is almost like they know they will sell millions of copies no matter what kind of S**t they give us. Almost like a slap in the face.  Call of Duty in general has gotten worse through the years. This may have finally done it for me. I requested a refund for this mess of a game.  I enjoy Battlefield and Call of Duty equally, however, Dice has create a far superior game. I recommend no one buy this garbage.
Campaign? WACKMultiplayer? WACKZombies? WACK BF1? BF1 is TIGHT AS FK
Anti-consumer bs decision to split the microsoft and physical copies to not be able to play with steam buyers. activision cmon... you're better than that. where my PAY TO WIN @
I used to have a good review, thought playing the classic 4 made it worth the cost. I came back to play, you ♥♥♥♥ing killed it. ♥♥♥♥ you. Actully ♥♥♥♥ yourself, I spent my money, my hard earn money, on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ You remind me of Ubisoft, you ♥♥♥♥ing trash.
I bought this game because i'm an idiot.Don't be an idiot.
Titanfall 2 is nearly superior to Infinite Warfare in almost everyway. All it needs is a good sized community behind it that doesnt blindly follow the CoD franchise.And I say that as someone who swore by CoD and didnt like the 1st Titanfall.Not this time though. Infinite Warfare isnt even worth the MW Remaster bundle..Get Titanfall 2 or BF1 instead
Got for mw remastered and the multiplayer is choppy the whole match even with the settings down but I can play both of the campaigns on max easyily, wait for a patch
all 3 modes of the game wont load so yea thats my review
1. I buy COD mostly for campaign2. Infinite warfare campaign is boring. you spend as much time watching cutscenes and just walking around doing nothing as you do shooting / fighting. It steals a lot of elements from previous COD (advanced warfare / BO3 mostly). If you've played COD before- you've already played this game.3. MW remaster has a dead zone in the mouse input which makes aiming horrible. *******************************************************************************************************************ANd finally the most important************************4. Both games have controller support- which means you will be playing against people with a xim4- a controller- to- keyboard and mouse adapter so that they will have keyboard and mouse with auto aim. Its a legal aim bot.  Thank you for killing PC COD....
not feelin this one
Day one. Hackers, godmode, faulty matchmaking. Cant even play zombies right!
TLDR; For those that are fans of the COD series, enjoy, I honestly prefered BO3 over this...but there is some interesting changes which will grab your attention. I do have to compare this game to the other 2 major releases, BF1 and Titanfall 2, and when compared....it's found lacking.First off, I should have learned my lesson pre-purchasing. I will also try to keep this in line with gameplay, and not rant about the marketing strategy of this game. I feel like every COD is 2 steps forward and 3 back for a while, and not for any specific exact reason. It's been a plethora of issues, i'll start off the top.Cross Platform Support: No cross platform support.....on PC. Yeah, why? Engine: Game will load an hour of  game. If you don't it will crash...CONSTANTLY.Game will crash, without a lot of reason. Sometimes in a game, a lot of times while loading a new match. (This seems to be mainly an isue with some lines of Nvidia graphics card, for once AMD cards seem to be working, if rather low FPS. So this may be fixed with a graphic or game patch.)Gameplay: When compared to other COD's in the past, it feels  much less realistic and I just feel the game has turned into something you could stick in an arcade at a movie theater. You have to look at the dynamics of, for example, BF1. There is honest strategy, even if it is just camping a point, or laying down suppressing fire. As for the running/jumping/sliding, it just feels clumsy at times. You have to compare against games like Titanfall, and honestly this should be mroe fluid then Titanfall 1, let alone 2...and it's not. If i had to do a plus, the whole class system adds an interesting dynamic, if you can get on a roll you really become truly unstoppable, which is both good and bad in my opinion.Graphics: I almost feel as if the remastered version has better graphics than this.....Microtransactions: Yeah buy the best weapons in loot boxes, or spend 4 hours on an average loot box with about 5% or less chance of getting something other then a pistol. To clarify, there are 4 levels of weapons for every weapons, ranging from common, rare, epic, and legendary. Yes there are level locks so you can't get the "Best" gun off the bat, but you sure can get the legendary version of the basic assault rifle, and do nearly 30% extra damage, and have 30% better accuracy then everyone else.....which if you think about it, is pretty damn broken.Overall: This feels like such a giant money grab its unbelievable. I'm not a COD/BF1/Titanfall fan boy, I honestly think if you like the previous COD's, have fun, it adds a little new; but there just doesn't feel like it brings anything new to the game. It's movement system is a step down from Titanfall 1, let alone 2. Doesn't have the strategy of Titanfall or BF1, it's perk system is cool but nothing really new. The only "wow that's cool" factor I got is the class system, which just seems to reward those who are doing insanely well, with op weapons to get killstreaks faster. I can't tell you how many times I spawned and died in the first 2 seconds to a camper....If your buying it for the remastered version or to play with friends cool, have fun. If your looking for a challenge, something new and excting, I honestly urge you to look at BF1 or Titanfall 2, they just bring more to the table then what this game brings.Edit: For the people that downvote this into oblivion, it's okay, everyone is entitled to an opinion. Also if you judge by the 2 hours i spent on here don't, I was hoping things would change after the Beta....they didn't.
where tf is search and destroy also mw remasterd stutters everytime i get into a game dont buy until they patch this peice of crap
If you are willing to suffer staggering casualties due to the bad netcoding then by all means buy this game. Otherwise, save yourself the frustration of feeling betrayed by the uploads of big-name Youtubers, whose gameplays are regularly smooth.
its bad
#RIPCOD Well, I guess this it... Just don't buy it. Just don't. Its absolute crap.
Sadly, giving this a negative review; and I had to get a refund.I really did try to like this game; I went in with a small sort of hype, after playing the beta on PS4; we were right, this really is a Console game now. The game is locked to 90FPS; that's fine and all, except on SLI980 with 16Gig's of DDR3 24000Hz Ram, I shouldn't then be dropping to a constant 20-50. Updating my drivers helped this, somewhat; I still get random gittering and small freezes in Multiplayer, but SP is fluid.Zombies is honestly the best part of this game; that's really well-done and thought out, and I honestly love it. Except, if I could get sound.For some reason they've gone and ballsed up the sound, so if you're playing on anything other than Stereo, then you're in bad luck; 5.1/7.1 play little to no sound, and if someone's talking to you, you wont get sound. That's because they put that sound in the back, and that gets muted. Yeah, great.Sadly, I have no stereo speakers (my headset is an Artemis G933 7.1 Wireless) and my two Logitec speakers are on the way out, so I was playing this for close to 8 hours before I got fed up looking for fixes and what not.I say 8 hours, but a solid 5 of that was looking for lobbies in MP/"looking for servers". That problem comes up nearly every time I load up the game where it refuses to connect to any server; so you can't even play SP unless you're connected to the internet. Ain't that great?Multiplayer Gun's are also unballanced and feel clunky and strange; SMG's rein supreme here (My Assault Rifle, that has more damage, looses in a head-on gunfight. Lovely.) mostly because they all have extreme fire-rates and moderate to high damage. The only way I got kills with my AR was from behind or at a distance, which means I was sitting back a lot. Shotguns are also extremely powerful; the semi-automatic starting shotgun is a max of 2-hits to kill.The rigs sound like a cool idea, if they actually did anything; it's just the specialists from BO3. They don't change damage, health or speed (besides 1 "perk" from the Synaptic Rig). For instance:The Merc rig is designed to be for supressive fire and keeping enemies at bay, right? So you'd think it'd be more like a tank with more HP, but slower.Nope, same speed and HP as everyone else, just with a laser-beam cannon as it's ultimate. Pretty much a waste to change rigs, unless they've got a perk that you like (or for the mini-challenges that you're given before each game, which are a nice addition).And now, onto what should have been another awesome Remaster: Modern Warfare.Sadly, this game runs even worse (for me) than IW does.I'll struggle to hit 90FPS on max settings, and whenever something moderatly interesting happens (Someone shooting at someone else, mainly) my FPS will tank to around 10-30FPS for a solid minute before it goes back up to 60-90. If there's a scorestreak, then good-bye FPS; it'll stay at a constant 10-20FPS for the entire duration. And don't get me started on the gameplay ballance; AK's become a 1-2 hit kill when using Stopping Power. I forgot just how OP that perk was; I went 3-20 one round when I first started because I was getting sniped with an AK when I was level 1. Not the best introduction to the Remaster.I tried SP and couldn't even boot it up, It stayed at a black screen the entire time. Which is a shame, I love Gaz's voice actor.On the upside, this game doesn't suffer from the 5.1 Sound problems, so this game is fine to play in surround sound.TL;DR:Infinite Warfare: - 5.1/7.1 Sound issues. - Constant FPS stuttering/freezing. - Feels like a solid console port. - Most weapons are unballanced. - Zombies is amazing.Modern Warfare Remastered: - Tanking FPS (From 90 down to 10-30) - Black screen on Single Player - Unballanced as all hell. - Doesn't suffer from the same sound issues as IW.
Unplayable mouse acceleration. Refresh rate and therefore frames capped at 60 FPS. Input lag from mouse. This game feels like a beta. Do not buy.
It's better than previous CoD games but there is one massive problem -- Titanfall 2 exists and is better in every single possible way and then some.  Get that instead.
AWFUL!  The MW remastered runs extremely buggy even with everything on low (considering I have 4GB of GPU).  Have been trying to play multiplayer for an hour and it just hangs there until  it kicks you out of the lobby.  Not even the campaign will run, it just gets stuck loading.  Extremely dissapointing.
Bad
This game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I tried to play this but Robots and other wierd stuff its not cod anymore...So ye spended that much money just for MW remastered... Good job IW
30 FPS cut scenes, NO optimalization (I run it on GTX1080 and I7 6850K), lagging all time, simple graphic and much more... Only positive thing is MW Remaster... 9/11 IGN
campaign is  so good but when it comes to mp , its just weird . i like bops 3 more than this one , dafuq
Terrible game.  Multiplayer is just small little maze maps where you are insta-killed as soon as you run into an apposing player.  Just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  The single player game is ok if you like scripted, kill this bunch of bad guys, move up, rinse and repeat ad nausium.   Space flight and combat is pathetic.  All very very arcade.
I didnt know that Mass Effect and Call of Duty had a one night stand and this was the result. Call of Duty should of taken the morning after pill and not plagued us with this bastard of a game.
You're best to just wait for this game on sale, or just buy MWR by itself (hopefully one day). Poorly optimized, lags all day on a decent rig. MWR loading is hellacious and extremely laggy in the first few moments of the game.
Bleh! Call of duty Infinite Warfare doesn't load two maps properly in single playerThe textures are p*ss poor-awful even on high
Infinite warefare wasn't worth the $100 dollars that I spent because bf1 wasn't avaliable to purchase in steam cash. The game itself is full of nonstop camping players and weapons doing rediculous amounts of damage, yet snipers still zoom in slowly sway like crazy and hit mark all the time. (Good job ♥♥♥♥ing up a nice class) also the zoom is awkward. The in game experience is hard to want to keep playing and feels like a waste of money. To many game modes to keep up with and to few of players to find a game in those irregular modes. The Zombies is new but has a nice feel to it honestly the zombies is interesting and a cool concept. The problem is you'll never find an online party and if you do someone will be lagging hard, but I guess solo works lol. The campaign is unrelatable and predictable much like gears of war 4 campaign (hard to play through do to common fight scenes) it gets going only at the end but feels like a chore to complete or sit through each mission. The remastered call of duty is honestly garbage as of right now they need to hotfix everything. The campaign is buggy and the gun sounds are awful. It sounds like a paintball gun when shooting a sniper. The online is near impossible to find a lobby in the most popular mode teamdeathmatch. Once a lobby is found (never a full lobby) the game will start and I'll start to think ok let's get in the games then halfway through the loading bar with the map picture in the background comes to a stop. About 4 minutes later the game will be fully loaded and kick you out of the game saying "server has timed out" repeating this process even in solo custom games. I have been in 4 online matches which were laggy and unplayable. At this time and progress of the games I wish I could go back in time and get back my csgo knife that i sold to purchase the deluxe package of call of duty infinite warfare. Or at least be able to refund only keeping the zombies with all zombie dlc for the $40 price that it's worth. I say $40 because it's the main reasoning in buying this game and the rest is just a $20 garbage wannabe shooter game. Thanks for robbing me of reliving my cod4 childhood.
Can't find players in Zombies.Somehow I get 1/15 of a key for each match. Must be a bug.Weapon balancing is way off.Hitmarkers are absolutely too much.Some things may be on my end, but as a person who has played through every multiplayer games of Call of Duty I find this one be just too much. It just feels like they are releasing the games when they're 80% done or something nowadays. I mean you don't HAVE TO release one every year... Anyway, I've always loved COD games. Even though I rage sometimes xd. But this is beyond my control. Some things are just gamebreaking, so I can't quite say I enjoy it anymore.At least when you release a game, have the support team on stand-by. Never know when you might need it....Will probably update this upon receiving a patch.
Terrible port, cant break 30fps on lowest settings with a 980ti.
Played for approx. 2 hours, crashed twice.  I can honestly say that this is by far the worst of the Call of Duty.  Graphics throw back to Black Ops 2.  Game play consisted of everybody running around like headless chickens, first one to the trigger wins, can't see the point, but if it "keeps the kiddies happy" welcome to the future !  Never been so quick and happy to uninstall a game.
Not worth $60 bucks.-Currently textures do not load in on any game mode, some times floors and walls dont load either.-Graphics suck, and are the equivilent of an early ps3 game.-Nothing new hereMultiplayer:-maps are too small, and the spawns suck. You will keep on getting spawn camped.-SMGs are over powered.-Not enough custumization options for your avatar.-Only people who eat, drink, pray, and crap COD in their spare time are in multiplayer, people are too good at something pointless, or are running hacks. You will not have any fun.-Boring, nothing innovative-Wall running, jet packs, and guns are done better in Titianfall 2, go get that insteadNote: Single player should be sold separetly, it was fantastic. and its a shame that its the only good thing you get from your $60 dollars
modern warefare remastered is simply a turd with polish. You can dress it up all you want but in the end you are♥♥♥♥♥♥
worst cod game ever created.
[UPDATED]nvm, game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy[STOP THE HATE]I know the game is not the most optimized game ever but..... its good when you get it working!The greaphics are bootymus.the community is helpfull. so everyone CALM DOWN!COD: IWPros-Good campaign-Nice zombies-Balanced MP-Good graphicsCons-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization (Took me a while for MP to work)-SUPPLY DROPS TAKES AGES TO GET [Supply drops in general]-Not good file compression [1Million GB]COD MW: RemasterdPros-GRAPHICS OMG-NO SUPPLY DROPS-THE CAMPAIGN IS EXACLY THE SAME :D-THE SAME STATS AS COD 4-10 OUT OF 16 ORIGINAL MAPS AVAILABLE [Other 6 available in december]Cons-Not good file compression [1Million GB]Stop hating becuz ur fav youtuber said that its♥♥♥♥♥♥
good thing you can refund games.
absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥
Handles like a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
possibly the worst call of duty, this and MWR are BAD do not buy (and im a cod fanboy)
this game is the downfall of the call of duty franchise, i orignally bought the game for MWR because i was aware that you had to buy the base game to get MWR, however on release i was only given IW and no remaster i personally feel scammed and apart from the poor gameplay i would not recommend this game to anyone. Wait till the remaster is for sale alone, The game is that poor that i cant even get into a multiplayer lobby without the game crashing and yes before you ask im running all setting at high with an fps of 91 and it never drops. This is a complete disater imo
IW single player - I like the single player so far, did couple of missions. nothing new just awesome explosions everywhere, not too deep on the story.IW multiplayer - feels like a slower version of titanfall 2 but without the titans. Now the meat and potatoesMWR - love the single player only did the first mission, brings back memory. but the multiplayer is a hot mess, 90fps cap, stutters on a gtx titan pascal, input lag, terrible host selection (lagfest every other game).  i bought MWR for 80 bucks and got IW as a bonus, and for now i cannot recommand MWR in its current state.
This game's been out for 3 months, and it still runs like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. fix your♥♥♥♥♥
DONT BUY THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥:D
Don't pay 79,99€ For this game and CoD MW Remastered. The best thing about that game is Space Zombies.Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare Remastered is unplayable you need like 42314231 bullets to kill an enemy, the game is loading about 1000 years for a single map and the Game starts usually in 4k also if your monitor is just a Full HD monitor.I was looking for Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare Remastered at the beginning and was so hyped to play on all old maps and get the old CoD feeling again but CoD frustrated me again. Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer is Just futur Crap. Thanks for reading guys and enjoy your day by playing an other game :)Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer: 1/10Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Zombies 9/10 ^w^Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare Remastered: 0/10
MP review only: No way i'm dropping $100 on a 6 hour campaign alone, no matter how good it may be. MP is where the longevity and value is for me.It's clunky and unpolished. Not even unpolished, unfinished really.It plays and feels like an early alpha build of Blops 3, best way i can describe it. Made me really look back and appreciate how smooth and polished Blops 3 felt.The maps feel claustrophobic, chaotic and uninspired. Random corridors everywhere, with nowhere to really take advantage of your maneuverability in creative ways. No flow to the matches, especially with how bad the spawns are.The weapons? Not even sure where to begin. They're all over the place in terms of balance. Just... no.Even if they do improve the game through patches, the game is already dead on arrival. There is hardly a community for it now and there certainly won't be one later. There is no reason to buy this game unless you got a hard on for Zombies or over-paying for single player campaigns. There are far superior FPS games out there RIGHT NOW that you'll be missing out on, and for what?  Naturally, MWR will be released stand-alone later.Notice, this is coming from someone that had no crashes or bugs in my time with the game. It allowed me to adjust settings and retain those settings (won't run at 144hz, although it allows me to choose it? caps at 90 in game). I got to experience the game in a "finished, working" state. I can only imagine the bad taste this has left in the mouths of those repeatedly crashing.ps. Adjusting my mouse DPI seemed to really help with the mouse smoothing and stuttering. Unfortunately, that still doesn't make the game any more fun.It's time for Activision to get their heads out of their asses. Gamers are starting to wisen up after so many releases of buggy, unfinished products, especially after the likes of NMS, and thanks to some healthy competition who are taking it seriously (BF1, TF2) as well as steam's awesome refund policy, these companies are no longer going to be able to laugh all the way to the bank much longer while we "buy it anyway". We'll see how many pre-orders the next CoD recieves after this, although i think many are going to be looking to 3Arc to restore thier faith. CoD will get one more chance, but this franchise is in a world of hurt and they only have their greed to blame.Over-dramatic much? Yup. But this is the first game i've ever refunded so i'm salty af.
I have played every Call of Duty game since day one and I can tell you Infinite is awful. The controls are off compared to the others, graphics look like somthing from xbox 360, loading screen...etc  just crap. The remaster is the best part of this disaster. Very very bad :( Wish I could get a refund....
Disgusting, this will be the last cod I've ever buy. Do yourself a favor and get titanfall 2 instead if you want to play a shooting game.
Game simply does not work! Complete waste of money!Freezes every time you try to change options, freezes every time you try to enter a match whether it be online multiplayer or the campain. Zombies then freezes after the stupid cartoon cutscene which last forever!IW is broken and not worth the money until they update to fix ALL the problems the steam edition is having.MWR is great though, that is the only saving grace for this franchise now! Ok sometimes you diconnect from the servers when trying to get into an online game and it is a little juddery at times even at 60fps, but nothing unplayable. Feel like the old days!Just be patient and wait for MWR to be sold as a stand alone game.Thats all the community want now! Can't you see the futurist stuff isnt any good! Please go back to what you were good at! We beg you.
I was realy hyped for this game but as soon as i open it it crashed after 5 sec and says read   ''Readme.text'' or ''Readme.txt'' idk what to do now.
Boring as hell. Very litle content for a 50+gb game
Call of Duty Refund Warfare. Two 980 TI's are not good enough to run this game well. The graphics must be so good they look bad. I recommend at least 4 titan xp's to run this well.
This is literally ripped off Titanfall 2. I will rather enjoy playing Modern Warfare Remastered and Titanfall 2 then this♥♥♥♥♥♥Honestly it feels like I get this game as bonus with the Modern Warfare Remastered, no thanks.
So far, not so good. The mouse aiming is a bit inconsistent and sluggish. Most of the maps are visually busy/heavy but layout and style wise dull, compared to the Black ops 3.
Nevermind this game is a big doodoo
This is a horrible game, do not buy this!
THIS IS THE ONE THAT BEAT OUT ADVANCED WARFARE FOR PERSONAL ALL TIME WORST COD EVER MADEMouse Acceleration is through the roofHorrible SpawnsPoor Weapon Feedback and soundWith all the gimmicky BS abilities and mods added in IT'S IN NO WAY A SKILL BASED SHOOTER by any means.
HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥...RIP COD !!!! Never playd a game thats so bad!!! I have everything on MAX my PC can handle it EASY but all textures are pixels or blur !!! This game is in a Alpha or even less state. Not playable !!! And why is there no option for the mouse acceleration?? This aim is♥♥♥♥♥♥!! The Controlls are bad!!! I dont want to say more cause every Point on this game is negativ!!! DONT BUY IT !!!! i was lucky i got the Digital version for free so i hope the Remastered is good!! CoD is RIP DONT BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM ANYMORE!!!!
HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥...RIP COD !!!! Never playd a game thats so bad!!! I have everything on MAX my PC can handle it EASY but all textures are pixels or blur !!! This game is in a Alpha or even less state. Not playable !!! And why is there no option for the mouse acceleration?? This aim is♥♥♥♥♥♥!! The Controlls are bad!!! I dont want to say more cause every Point on this game is negativ!!! DONT BUY IT !!!! i was lucky i got the Digital version for free so i hope the Remastered is good!! CoD is RIP DONT BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM ANYMORE!!!!
Stay away from this game, it is not worth the price.Played 1 hour of multiplayer, had to get a refund asap. It is a default futuristic shooter game, boring gameplay, boring customizations, graphics aren't that good, takes too long to find a group to play, bugs, crashes, it is too god damn big, and more...Just run away, buy Battlefield 1 instead.
its a really bad game ... Jumping like ..... best game is a call of duty modern warfare 2
I bought the IW solely to play modern warfare remastered, currently the multiplayer is unplayable for me. When i try to join a match i get a timeout error that takes a good amount of time to cycle through resulting in me staring at a loading screen everytime i want to multiplayer. I tried IW instead, while it works the gameplay is dissapointing, nobody uses ADS anymore. The design of the game is meant to appeal to young kids, im seeking a refund at this time.
LagsCrashesNo dedicated serversCheaters in MP.WTF?
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! First call of duty on PC and I have to say this game optimization is trash & you are limited to what you can play! Its all about money with activision! So my rig is 5820k gtx ftw 1080 and at 1440p even with the setting on HIGH (NOT ULTRA) BUT HIGH it only gets 91 frames and randomly dips to 30-40 while you are playing. The storyline cuts scenes drop to 20fps and stutters the whole time. With that said I notice people on PS4/XBOX playing gamemodes like SnD, you don't have that option! Its not in the playlist, someone said you have to buy the season pass for thje extra gamemodes!! WTF!!! *TL;DR - DONT BUY RANDOM FRAMES DROPS WHILE PLAYING & YOU DONT GET ALL THE GAMES MODE LIKE CONSOLE DO"
dead game
The campaign is good. Definitely a step up from BO3.The multiplayer on the other side seems worse. Still the same problems as BO3 (team balancing, cheaters, etc) and mainly a lot of modes (about half) is actually missing from public lobbies (CTF, harpoint, safeguard, uplink,..). Which is quite big. Hopefully they will add those mode eventually before the game is dead.The futuristic setting is good for campaign, but not interesting for multiplayer.
Never preorder any Call of Duty product.
THIS GAME IS SOO BLOCKY AND GLITCHY I HATE IT AND I GOT A REFUND!
LIterally unplayable. Change any video setting and it will freeze and crash. Trying to get into a game will take ages and when you finally think you might you will get an error that the lobby has been closed. Needs tons of work. It is crazy that devs push out such broken games. I have yet to play anything of the game due to these issues. At this moment in time i would not reccomend it to anyone.
Multiplayer doesnt work. Preloading Shaders... for half an hour. Hmm.. I think I made a mistake buying this.
Worse part about the game: They split the PC community. People that buy the game on the windows store cannot play with people that buy the game on steam... What was even the point of this ??? Anyways. The game is exactly like all the other call of duty's. It's a fast paced shooter that has no real thought behind it except for: aim the gun, then hold the fire button. The campaign:â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥story, had a few cool dogfighter missions. The Multiplayer: Very easy, exactly like everyother call of duty multiplayer, aim and shoot, everyone is garbage, and 1 weapons beats them all.The Zombies: I only played 1 game of zombies so i'm not the best person to ask about it. But from my experience it was awful. I remember playing tons of nazi zombies in WaW and this zombies felt nothing like that. 1/10 why did I buy this???
Singleplayer was quite a bit of fun, however at just 6 hours with me playing all the extra missions that just isn't enough.  The multiplayer isn't my type of game so I skipped that, definitely not worth the current price if you don't plan on sinking a lot of time into the mp.
Call of Duty: Infinite Crashing
Loading screen simulator
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ingâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
Its a tough one! I have played COD since cod 3 and can call myself a cod fanboy. The way i see it is although the games are looking nicer each year its a bit like Toy story, you can never beat the classic film! the same in that with cod you cant beat the classic campaigns and multiplayer experiences which to me puts this game in a ditch because its a whole new load of characters that dont draw you in to the game. By all means buy this game but this will only go downhill.
WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS PRELOADING SHADER BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥??????????????????? every ♥♥♥♥ing time you open up the game you have to reload that♥♥♥♥♥♥for like 30 mins ?????? ♥♥♥♥ING KILLYOURSELF infinity ward
its fun and i got to the last mission of the campain and died once and it crashed i loaded it up again clicked on resume campain and it crashed again and every time i try to load the campain it crashes just as it finishs loading... fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥infinity ward. i recomend it but i also don't cuz of the crashing.
call of duty infinite warfare:multiplayer: it was like okzombies: worst i have ever played and seen
First off, 70GB to download? Really?I'm 1.5hr into the game and I simply don't see the content that justified the huge download. The premise of the game is nice, fighting on other worlds, cool backgrounds... but that's about it. The story is ridiculous.You have a nice fleet, so you put together the whole fleet on parade??? So people could just sneak up on you and blow the whole fleet? Seriously???Than it's just one ship vs the gazillion enemies one???
This is honestly the last COD i purchase.  Their lack of attention to the PC community and the continous output of unfinished products is down right infuriating.  Issues with game:Mouse sens adjustment- it was built for controller-literally the only way to get my mouse sense where i could maybe play was to put my dpi to 200Staying on target- good luckMap Flow- non existentFrame Rate Capped at 91Claims holding 91 FPS yet looks choppyThe only fun thing about this game is the new look on zombies.Save your money.PC Specs:i7 4790kGTX 98032 gigs ramSSD
shut the ♥♥♥♥ up. nobody cares about your robot fan fiction. TRASH
This a multiplayer review.  I purchased CoD: IW for MP.  If you are of the same mind of me, pass this one up.  MP is terrible.  Spawn points are non-existent and make no rhyme or reason.  They are obscenely random.  Remember World at War?  Yeah, worse than that.  Myself and another player literally watched and enemy player spawn in midair right in front of us.  Want to spawn on the side with your team?  Too bad.  You will spawn on the other side of the map and run right into about 5 enemy players.  The graphics are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Really IW?  That is the best you got?  It looks like a PS3 title.  Keep in mind, I am running an i7 6850k and a GTX 1080.  Everything is maxed and the game still looks like trash.  Maps are poorly designed.  There are more 90 degree turns than any CoD I have every played.  Prepare for a whole lot of camping.  Weapons are poorly balanced and hit detection is terrible.  Mechanicly, everything is identical to BLOPS 3 except in the case of IW, everything is slow and clunky and poorly implemented.  Do not waste your time on this CoD.  Go play Battlefield 1 or Skyrim Remastered.  This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥box of a game is not worth your time or money.
Running a 1080 GTX with i7-6700K and 16 Gb of Ram, and this game won't even get past the first few seconds of the first level... Even in the Menu Screens I'm getting massive sound issues as well... Game is just plain broken.BO3 no problems running on it's highest settings,
Other than the constant crashes and the  inability to play the game I'm sure it must be great, love to play it one day.
i spent so many time download this but when its complete i opened it up , just a picture showed up and nothing happen ,i even tried to wait 3hours still nothing happen...
I returned it after playing for an hour.
One of the better Call of Duty games that is ruined by anti-cheat and almost no PC players. Would buy if you like zombies and campaign but other wise it's not worth it. Same for MWR but worse because of it's poor PC port. At least IW has a good PC port that stays above 60 FPS.
Would buy WinRar instead of this♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
Let me start off with the tl:dr : DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME.That being said let me tell you why this is potentially the worst game i have ever touched in my life.1. Horrendous server lag and especially when using big streaks or when a lot is going on.2. Absolutely disgusting combat system with people coming at you from 20 different angles3. The worst spawns since Ghosts4. Melee is broken as hell and easy for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to run through bullets and just melee you without having to aim at all5. Cannot even find a server and a lot of servers just randomly close out or kick you to the main menuAll in all, this has marked the end of COD for me and i won't be playing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever. I was once a true call of duty veteran but i have realized through this game it's not worth the time or money and i wouldn't reccomend it to anyone on this earth.
For the good points however the game is optimised really well. I am using I5 6600K 3.5GHz 960 4GB graphics Card and a HDD. This game runs really well I havent dropped below 70FPS once.  I do believe this game would have potential if they fix the bugs mentioned below. The game Graphics are a lot better than Black ops 3 on ultra. The textures are well made and I have to give them credit. Overall this game is not very well made for multiplayer. Personal Opinion is that the multiplayer has terrible things that need fixing such as spawn points. Terminal was running to where the enemies were on the map and two seconds later they were spawing right behind me and killing me. The guns seriously need nurfing with alot of them been far too overpowered. The rigs are to OP as well as with the NV4 it takes almost two mags to kill enemies sometimes. I understand if its not hardcore but still it shouldn't take that much. As well as this I feel like the game runs too fast, you can run around the place but there are more than 2 angles at anypoint that you can get caught off guard with. Something else they could have done is if you're been shot you can exo away or anything that just makes the game boring and making impossible situations easy to get out which is wrong.
Don't waste your money
F#ck this game, retard game ever = where is remastered ?!?!?!?!The Game only freeze or Crash!wtf is wrong with the developers? selling a product that's not working ?!??My only wish = Refund my money!
its call of duty, have you played a call of duty game before? If yes then you played this game already, and ♥♥♥♥ed up the best cod game of all time it runs like trash and cant even keep up a 60 fps on 1080p and they change the multiplayer and not in a good way and they took away alot of stuuf from it and now it feels like half a game
I'd rather buy $100 worth of garbage...Now that i think about it, i already have.
ProsAwesome Campaign Cons Zombie is no longer horror or creepy based...zombie map too complicated with lot of bling2 and stuffmultiplayer suck i prefer playing the MWR multiplayeri recommend them solely for the campaign and i hope they can give the future DLC that continue the story of the game ...
within 20 seconds of my first round of COD 4 Remastered I knew it wasnt going to be COD4  ,, It plays and feels  more like BLOPSNo serverlist, No ping, ,, JUST ANOTHER BAD CONSOLE PORTrequested a refund and got it within 40 minutes
This is torrible that you have to buy infinity warfer  DLC to get full game Modern Warfare+ Call of Duty MWR-graphic worse then in games from 2014 or even some from 2013-space-multiplayer-torrible pc port i have gtx 1070 and sometimes fps drops to 1
Bought this game to give it a try and confirm all the reports of stuttering and it being unplayable.  Turns out the stuttering issue is real as life and I stopped playing after about 5 minutes playing the campaign. my specs:i7-4790kSLI 2x EVGA 1080 SC32gb memMonitoring both GPUs shows game only utilizes one GPU, thats fine and dandy but one 1080 cant handle this? Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Activision.I will be refunding this game soon if the issues are not fixed. (thanks based gaben)
Man this kills me but I'm gonna have to switch this review to negative.  The more time I spend with the multiplayer, the more awful I realize it is, and fundamentally, this is a multiplayer-centric game.  Original review below.Before I say anything: if you are making a decision between IW and Titanfall 2, under NO circumstances buy IW.  Titanfall 2 has a superior campaign, superior mutliplayer, and superior core design.  If you're looking for a judgement of IW on its own merits, however, then read on.It's alright.  It's not the antichrist, it's not the epitome of gaming sin people made it out to be pre-release, it's not a bad game.  It's not excellent either, but I'm having fun with it, and at the end of the day, that's what games are made to do: be fun, be entertainment, and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is entertaining in the same silly, mindless vein CoD games usually fall into.  If you like Call of Duty, then congratulations, this game isn't as bad as Ghosts, you can buy it.  I'll get into a little more detail below for people who want that stuff.I'll start with the campaign, becuase imo, it's the game's strongest element.  Characters are strongly-written, well acted, and have perceptible development arcs across the campaign's eight to nine hour run (assuming you complete all the optional side-missions, which I would reccomend, they're reasonably fun and provide additional weapons and upgrades for you to use).  Gameplay is well-varied through the campgian's runtime - you spend time boots on the ground, you spend time in zero-G, you spend time in a surprisingly well fleshed-out aerospace fighter, and upon completing the campaign once, you unlock the genuinely interesting 'specialist' mode, which removes regenerating health in favour of useable health items, adds localized damage to your character that changes what you can do and how you move, and forces you to wear a helmet to prevent dying via headshot.Unfortunately, it retains the weaknesses Infinity Ward has always brought to the table.  The movement system that wants to be free-flowing and exhilirating comes out stiff and clunky, and you die far too quickly, resulting in a game that forces you to cower behind cover at all times while its fancy wallrunning mechanics go untouched.  Infinity Ward's plot writing hasn't improved, either - they started out writing fantisies about the United States as the beleaguered underdog in a war against cartoonish evil, and they haven't stopped; if anything, they've gone even further.  The evil has become so cartoon and so irrational that it's impossible to take seriously, and despite a strong performance by a talented actor, nothing the antagonist did ever made any sense.  The story's strength is in its moment to moment space-opera grandeur and strong character interaction - not in its overarching plot.The multiplayer, I'm sad to say, is also affected by this clunky movement and excessively tiny time to kill.  Death comes frequently, swiftly, and you can almost never tell where from - it tries to be a clone of Black Ops 3, but everything Black Ops 3 did well, with a slightly higher TTK and vastly superior movement, has been let down by Infinity Ward's reluctance to abandon boots on the ground, coupled with their inexperience designing anything else.  On top of that, supply drops are back, but they are /far/ less generous than they were in Black Ops 3; they cost the same amount (ten keys for common, thirty for rare) but you get keys /vastly/ less often, at a rate of one I'd guess every fifteen public MP games, making acquiring box-only content an insane grind.  Playing IW's multiplayer scratches the same addiction-itch CoD always does, but playing it just kinda made me want to go back to Titanfall 2 or Black Ops 3, both of which do the same thing as IW, only with more fun, better design, and more generosity.Last but not least, zombies is... fine.  It's honestly pretty hard to screw up.  Zombies is zombies is zombies, and while I find the new theme a bit off-putting, it's not un-fun.  Still, I found myself kinda lusting after Shadows of Evil from BO3.Man I wish there was a 'mixed' review option.  I guess, in brief, if you're a CoD fan who needs the yearly itch scratch then you'll be satisfied, it's not the same kind of trainwreck Ghosts was, but just can't hold up to its predecessor, or its compeditor.  Wait til it goes on sale, then buy it for the campaign.
If you're considering this game, get it on console. I'll update this review when I do my video review, but long story short... The game itself is fantastic. But the GARBAGE PC Port added with the fact that Infinity Ward is stupid enough to think P2P multiplayer is acceptable puts me over the edge. The campaign is incredible so far, but on PC the multiplayer is borderline unplayable. Keep in mind, the CoD series is actually my favorite series in gaming. And as much as I love it, I'm done with Infinity Ward. Their complete lack of respect to PC players makes me wash my hands of them.::EDIT::Here's my launch day woes
I can only speak for the Single Player aspect of the game, but based on that I'm sort of mixed on whether or not I can recommend this. The gameplay is decent (I mean, it's pretty standard for a CoD game, and so while a bit "tired" is still enjoyable).I have a few gripes though, mostly around the writing and lack of attention to detail. The production value is way up, but the game feels like it was written by a High School drop out with a real hardon for the military. The problem is it hits on all the usual points you'd expect but does so in the most heavy handed and flat out boring manner possible. I don't care about the characters, I'm not at all bought into the "fight" or "brotherhood" or any of the other crap the game would hit you with as a driver for what you're doing. Even the mission lay out feels forced and somewhat disjointed (side missions feel like probably would be more important than some of the main story).There are some memorable moments, but had the game spent more time on development of the plot I might have felt more attached to it.But I get it, almost everyone these days gets CoD for the multiplayer...which is a shame because at least the last title had a semi-decently written story. This will probably be the last CoD title I'll make the mistake of buying without hints of the quality of the single player campaign. Too many other titles with solid stories, and solid delivery, to waste time or money on this.
Game pack with Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered,Couple of launch hiccups both fixed or worked around pretty quick, so all good.Glad I spent my money on these - MWR with AI is great and well worth it, and IW plays well with many game modes and weapon loadouts, don't listen to the whiney b!tch3s if you enjoy COD games then its enjoyable.Thanks for the AI players - they work well - so you don't have to play against whiney maggots online.No anticheat so full of wall hacking cheats online - awesome....
Next generation graphics!
If you enjoy accurate mouse input, don't buy this game on PC. The port is the equivalent of everyone's senior year of high school; obviously you don't care about it, you're already all the way done. If you really want to experiance this game, play it on console.And by mouse inaccuracies, the mouse speed is tied to the framerate, making it damn near impossible to play with even one frame drop. This was even fixed in Black Ops 3, but they released it broken here, showing they obviously don't care. Stay away from this game.
garbage. bought for MWR and its laggy as ♥♥♥♥ and doesnt run right. do NOT buy. not worth it. wait until its on sale.
IW Multiplayer is dead on day 2. Unfortunate but expected. Takes 5-10 minutes to get a full lobby if you arent playing TDM.
Can you make a worse game than everything that came after Black Ops? The answer is yes.
infinite loading for single play championcan't connect with co opRandom Program CrashNever pre order any game from this company
THIS GAME♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FEELS AND PLAYS LIKE CRAP AND LAGS
I got this simply for the Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remaster.Believe me, I give a try to Infinite, but the game it's very bad, many spamm kills, no skill kills, to play Infinite I prefer play Unreal Tournament 3.The engine graphical sucks it's very slow 80/90 fpsThe weapons are a confusion, many spamm weapons, not funny...Players on the wall and double jumps, to me sucks a lot...This is not a typical Call of Duty game!The Call of Duty series is dying :(Every years comes out a new call of Duty game, resulting in a fragmentation of community players, to Activision the MONEY it's the most important, they don't listen the comunity :(No official championships tournaments on PC platform (that's the reason, CS GO takes the lead).After Activision know the Infinite sells going be a fail, they give us the Call of Duty Remastered "Bonus" (but we pay more to take him - Legacy Edition 80€) to sell the Infinite.Btw Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered it's ok but:- Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered it's locked in 90fps- Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered have the same engine of Infinite (very heavy) :(- Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered don't have console- Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered don't have any option to record my demos, HELLO?- Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered not like the original cod4 with open code to the community made new maps and modes- Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered have only private servers not good to ESL pro mode games- Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered get new stuff in the future? No one of Activision speak about that...I'm very disappointing with Activion! Was my last bought of Call of Duty series.
OLD STUPID REVIEWCampaign- never done it yet lolMultiplayer- suprisingly like mw2 more than bo3 if you ask meZombies- ZombiesMWR- needs patch to fix the stuttering issues then will be GREAT AGAIN NEW REVIEW MWR is stupid af and cod itself is as well... first the thing a lot of people care about MWR is broken on pc... it runs so terribly i stopped playing it after a week while on infinite warfare i get a steady 80 fps... the loading time in MWR can take up to 3 minutes somtimes if you dont have a solid state drive which is just stupid... the campaign i still have not completed the campaign on infite warfare because the sound cuts out constently and the game also stutters way more in the campaign making me want to pull my hair out... the next cod is going to suck too, even though its going to be boots on the ground heres the issue... it's not made by Treyarch... and every COD is going to have mp is going to be broken forever now because of the pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cases that have weapons in them.... EVEN  THE GAME THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A CLASSIC COD WTF... yes MWR the "classic COD shooter" has pay to win cases with weapons that werent in the original game... now zombies... zombies is alright but one problem... its not made by treyarch....yes i know this whole review is a rant but im too lazy to put together a review for somthing when i could be doing somthing else and no i am not even going to look back at everything i spelled incorrectly and all that cause .... im lazy
Total Trash, copy paste futuristic trash. cod is dead
It doesn't even work.
Ok, so I saw all the criticism for this game and went into it with very low expectations.Somehow, and I still baffles me, both Infinite warfare and the remaster multiplayers are worse than my low expectations.The remaster has optimization, stuttering and mouse acceleraion issues to add to the lack of fun you will have when playing it. The graphics aren't even that great, it still feels like I am playing a dated game. The original COD 4 that was released a few years back actually has a server browser and is already fully patched for PC players. I have so much more fun playing it in comparison to the remaster.Now for the infinite warfare game.What were they thinking. Ridiculous maps, lasers flying everywhere, terrible gameplay, clunky controls. A horrible PC port, this was by far the easier uninstall and application for refund out of the 2 games. Doesn't feel like a Call of Duty game at all. I hope this game doesn't do too much damage to the franchise as I have enjoyed a lot of the previous titles.Overall, a huge disappointment even though I didn't expect much from it. This game only loses out to No Man's Sky for worst PC game release 2016For now, I will be sticking with Battlefield 1 as my main shooter and possibly pick up a copy of Titanfall 2.
we are disappointed the games graphics have not improved that much and the games laging (hopfuly they can impove this internet speed better servers faster prossores) we are having problems keeping the man running every time you stop moving forward the man stops running the controler xbox used on pc. we have to use key borad  and conutilly push or hold the run/sprint key. if you do not keep the stick forward and move it in any dirction again the man stops running and you have to flight to make him run again. (we cant find a run only option if so any one know where it is ?) also the game is not finished after playing these games for some years they all do this sell the game per order and day one of game is never complete they still have to complete building the game for all to function. they worked on story mode this year more than muitl player and that seems to be the following titin falls also did more on the story than multiplayer. multiplayer is still small maps, not giving us much more same with tatin falls, battle field and just as battle field 4 had shipes coming ashore and a few other extra things to do in multiplayer, but again the industry will not at this current time build these games any better. and currently buliding better more advnaced multiplayer games will not happen yet do to them not completed and crashing when trying to write all this computer code to work without problems.also the gaming industry is based on the graphics cards and currently there are only a hand full of countries that use and can afford to have/ play games. just look at the number of people playing on line and in your region not to many.we just want to have fun play the games and enjoy them but they currently do not build them for fun but to make money DCL's the in game puchucres where is the game play. the game play is in the new pool, cars or homes the that companies buy after collecting all of the pre orders on the games that do not work or are not finnsihed. we do not know what way the gaming industry will go but based on passed history it does not look good.one more problem is that when playing the games to many people curse and talk bad word constantly making the game play horrible and many people just dont play because of this any more. I wish they would fix some of this mess somehow. Hope and pray that next years games and the games coming up in the future will be better and more GAME FRIENDLY. The gaming industry has their work cut out for them if they are going to improve the gaming industry for the better.we do want to recommend this to freinds but last few times they were angry that we recommend the game as will as other that were not finnished and extra dcls etc... yes we will play the game and pray for bigger and better games with more stuff to do more multi player inter action with bigger maps more to climb tunnel etc...zombie mode and playing can help with frist person shooter, also there things to do and in the new game switches that have to be turn on in the park and other things. wish they added more stuff like the robot but wish it did more. once you find the head and put it on the robot thats it, it just move around.hopfully they will exspand the games multi player and zombie games with more stuff to do that keeps poeple playing and coming back.
Nicely done half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Let's give an option for 144Hz refresh rate but lock the FPS at 91. ♥♥♥♥ing morons at IW and Activision. It feels like any other♥♥♥♥♥♥title after Black Ops 2. I'll say this, it is fast paced, for now. Until someone finds a good camping spot. Don't even get me started on Modern Warfare Remastered.I don't expect mod support, server browsers, console command, etc. to come back from the original PC version, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Still the same problem, 144Hz refresh rate option but the game still locks at 91. This port is worst then then Infinite Warfare port. The game is laggy/choppy as hell everytime you start a map. I have an i7-5820K and GTX 1080. I should not be getting such♥♥♥♥♥♥performance when Battlefield 1 runs at 110+ fps @ 1440p. I've already set the game to native resolution. 6v6 is boring as hell. Not to mention that the 7 people who bought this game on Windows Store wont be playing with people who have this game on Steamworks. LMAOMWR has no sensitivity bar, no option to disable mouse acceleration, just options (i.e. Low1, Low2, Low3, etc.) like they expect us to use a controller. The only upside to this is the User Interface is semi decent and the graphics do look nice, but this does not in anyway make up for the rest of the dumb lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥thats wrong with MWR. The console versions might run better, but this is an absolute disgrace for the PC version.
multiplayer is just♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10. zombies are good 6/10. campaign is ok 5/10
Black Ops 3 had splitscren co-op, this one doesn't. Refunded.
DO NOT BUY. First off if you having fps problems vhange your resolution to match your monitor as its set higher and some other graphics that you may not fix like the clunkiness.. 2nd. It takes a long while to preload shaders on both IW and MWR. Secondly you wil be kicked/host left/Cannot connect to servers/cannot connect to host. This will run your game well over 2hours limit for a refund and ste will not give it to you even if you explain the problems. As I have 4.8 hours but only 45m into playing and steam will not give a refund even if its a tech error. Save your money. As Im waiting for a refund and will everyday ask for one or until further action will be applied.
Campaign: 8/10MP 0/10Zombies 7/10MP Sucks, Campaign is very good and engaging, Zombies is pretty fun to.
multiplayer is impossible to play
not as bad as i thought it was going to be.
Bought it only for modern warfare remastered. Infinite warfare is perhaps the worst game I've touched this year.
I've been a fan of the COD series with years and I have found this to be their worst aproach at producing a credible title. Lazy modeling, poor textures and effects, everything seems washed out with no depth. I've always thought Activision put a lot thought into their game designs but I am failing to see it here. They spent too much time and effort on the cinematics than game content.Mulitplayer is no different than their last 3 titles, I supose they can be forgiven as this is a game console port for kids.i5 4690kGTX 10801080p
Using GTX 980ti and latest drivers.MWR: No FOV-slider. Turned all graphics off, still 9 fps. 90 fps lock in MP. "Autoadjust" is the only sound device option. IW: Stuck on levelload while using antivirus. Major stutterlagg ruins online experience just like in Ghosts. Sound cutting back and forth right in the middle of the action.Both: Mouseacceleration. Went crazy while using FRAPS. Garbage optimization. PC gets later reviewcopies. PC abuse. Cashgrab. Not to hate on the writers and contentcreators, because the games looks amazing and have very fun gameplay and interesting story. It saddens me that the whole experience and all hard work is destroyed by people who obviously donÂ´t give a single piece about it.The real Infinity Ward is gone.Raven show incompitence.Blizzard nails FPS first try.Be like Blizzard.
*Edit 11/29/16 - Cannot recommend this game anymore (for multiplayer, anyway).  The connections are too inconsistent, probably due to terrible coding and low player countThis game is very fast paced - feels like you can jump like Advanced Warfare, but also wallrun like BO3 (and the wallrunning is intuitive if you have played BO3).  You will have to change sensitivity immediately because it is insanely high by default!  The shooting feels fast, with satisfying marks.It is basically a mix between AW and BO3 is what I'm trying to say.  I have 1000+hrs in both of those games, and I would expect no less with Infinite Warfare.The User Interface leaves a bit to be desired, but overall I haven't had any crashes/glitches yet (*EDIT: it has crashed twice on me in ~13 hours).  Matchmaking takes quite a long time.  1st time running, the game window popped up on my 2nd monitor, had to go to in-game video settings > change monitor > change to 144hz ... etc.  The game is not perfect.  It is COD, and each game seems to have it's own unique problems, but we rise above and grind them out each year because... it is COD, and it's the best.
The game does not load games in progress it just puts you in the lobby and says loading map then after about 10 min it kicks you and says lost connection but if i get in to a game thats still in the lobby it loads and plays just fine
Just crap, not allow to play. And it is crashing just when changing the video settings. REALLY DISAPOINTED about these game.Do not buy it unless you want to get pist off.Try to change the video options and it freeze.
First bad performance , new driver and good performance but unplayable deu to direct X error crash! 990x12GB Ram7970 3 GB Crossfire
First bad performance , new driver and good performance but unplayable deu to direct X error crash! 990x12GB Ram7970 3 GB Crossfire
Remastered is NOT Remastered COD4.. it is 'COD4' into Infinite Warfare engine!!!Dedicated servers removed, the POV and some damage values are different. COD4 was fluid and great, this is 90FPS locked mouse accel'd hell. PASS ON THIS PORT!!Zombies : Cartoonish with terrible graphics and... that same 90FPS lock. I can max this out 1440p with no issues, BO3 I could not. That zombies experience also had GRIT, it was dark and challenging.. this is just a joke. Multiplayer : No thanksRefunded, thx.
Don't get this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, I thought they would fix the 90 FPS lock and in 2017 they still haven't. Many people complained about it and the developers or even their staff that handle PR don't react to it, it's like they don't care they pushed out out another♥♥♥♥♥♥game out of their♥♥♥♥♥ By the way COD MWR also has a 90 FPS cap.
WHY TF DID I EVEN BOUGHT THIS?!
Enjoyed the campaign. Sadly multiplayer is lacking compared to say Titanfall2. This game feels waay more sluggish than Titanfall 2.So get this for the campaign if you must (i finished the campaign in 9 hours). but get Titanfall 2 for the multiplayer. Much better in that regard.Giving it a thumbs down due to the multiplayer aspect. Grab Titanfall 2 i say.  :)
Refund requested and received. So uninteresting, COD lost it's essence with all that space BS.
Trust me when I say, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME it does not work, and the MW1 remastered does not work well, it ruins everything I thought of MW1 when I was younger. The game crashed in every mode I couldnt even play offline zombies or campaign. It is 100% a failure for infinity Ward.
So i bought the Legacy Edition, mainly just for MWR !So let's start with MWR!Pros:- Amazing Graphics- Nostalgie !!- Literally CoD4 with better Graphics !- Camos! (always a cool thing :p)Cons:- Unstable Performance (lots of FPS Drops!)- Headshots are most of the time 1-Shot-Kill -> Not CoD4 ;_;So but since i bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥for 80$ i also wanted to try Infinite Warfare!Pros: - THE BEST ZOMBIE MODE EVER !!!!!- The Weapons sounds kinda cool, also looks quite okayCons:- I ♥♥♥♥ing hate the Movement since AW- Specialists are less annoying - It isn't CoD anymore...
Campaign is excellent. But the MP is♥♥♥♥♥♥ And they are not  updating the game on PC but ps4 and Xbox one player are getting the update. Not recommended this game on PC.
One of the worst games I've ever purchased.Don't waste your money on this!
There's a lot of hate coming to this game from lots of people, not from me though, it's pretty much the same as all recent COD's have been the past few years, run and gun and have fun, well if that's your thing of course, i'm enjoying the single player so far, it's no classic but to be fair the last real great COD was Modern Warfare, the rest have been mainly more of the same with some gimmicks added on, no real problem with that as it works for its target comsumers, it's not a bad game, works well on my rig, i'm happy with it's performance any way, that said its still no classic, a steady FPS that proably will lose out to BF 1 long termwise, even though i dont think its worth the money for what it is as it was a present from my missus i'm not that bothered, anyway i'd say if you are a hardcore COD fan than you'll be happy for the most part, otherwise i'd say wait for a 'sale' or free weekend, a 6 out 10 for me
Got kicked backed to main menu 4 times, before the game even started. 5th match was a game where the enemy team had 99 kills already. (TDM)/Edit: Angry Joe has all the points why its a bad release. /Edit 2: As of 11/11/2016 i cant play the game anymore because in EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING MATCH I SPAWN WITH NO WEAPONS AND IM NOT ♥♥♥♥ING ABLE TO PICK GUNS UP!
Not worth the money, same old tired game nothing new dont waste your money
Not gonna make a long review. Both games are good(expecially MW Remastered), i won't lie. The problem is the otimization on both.Infinite Warfare. It drops frames a lot of times. And the resolution scale is with a problem, you cannot put it lower, like 90%, 80%, etc. That's awful. Please Infinity Ward, if you see this, fix that problem, it's important.Next, Modern Warfare Remastered. Everything is alright except multiplayer, where it stutters a lot, i simply cannot play the multiplayer because of that. Infinity Ward, please fix that too.If you fix both things, i will make a positive and detailed review. Until then, i'll be waiting.06/11/2016 - EDIT1: Da fu.:.ck actually did infinity ward made to the game(MODERN WARFARE REMASTERED)??? RELEASED A PATCH AND MY SAVE GAME BECAME INVALID??? DA HELL? IF YOU WANNA SEE WHAT HAPPENED AFTER THE PATCH, SEE MY SCREENSHOTS. GOD DAMN, RIGHT NOW I'M REALLY PIS::SED OFF, DON'T RECOMMEND THE GAME!!! BOTH OF THEM, SINCE IW DIDN'T RECEIVED ANY PATCH EITHER YET
Payed so much money, and this game isnt even finished and the performance is quite bad.
1st things i gotta say It could have been worse! gotta say single player campaign is pretty epic..dont really wanna give to many spoilers but its defo up there with the greats. BUT Controls are crap (Blame Controllers), Wall runnings crap (Blame titanfall 2 ;) ), Guns are crap (Blame the devs)......WIthout actually playing multiplayer yet i presume thats gonna be crap (Blame the haxors)!Mw Remaster is much the same just looks pretty and minus the clunky crappy wall running.ive played every cod game as most of the rest of the old guard! So when i say WAIT! DONT BUY THIS YET WAIT 6 MONTHS and go get a half price cd key :( heed my advice.Go get bf1 or if your feeling a punt get ♥♥♥♥♥fall 2! Both pack decent enough SP campaigns and pretty good multiplayer too...The Large Scales operations maps on bf1 are awesome. but if your like me and just wanna freely♥♥♥♥♥♥your money away then by all means get COD IW.....Theres worse out there ;)
Just got a refund in time..... LUCKY ME !!!well I have been a COD FAN for all my life since COD4all i can say is... this one is the worst one.. usually i hate to play COD from treyach....and always waiting for Infinity ward but then.... this ONE !!I lost hope now cuz BO3 is much more better FFS !!so sad that i have been waiting for so long and just have to refund the COD game the first time in my life... dang it...ps. i was talking only about Infinite one tho not the remastered one.
Refunded.  Horrible mouse acceleration that made aiming impossible.  Also, tried the new Zombies mode and it was not what I was expecting. The 80s theme is cool but there are much better co-op zombie survival experiences out there. Overall not what I expected and a crappy Playstation 4 port.  Refunded and bought Titanfall 2 and have been having a blast with it.
I'd hold off on bying this game for now.  Forced mouse accel (the startoption command line that was passed around doesn't work for me for some reason) and unresponsive movement arrow keys make the game almost unplayable, which is a shame because the parts I stumbled through (literally, since my character would take a second or two before moving in the direction I told him to) were rather awesome.  The futuristic setting is well implemented, and I'm exited to see more of it.  But the developmers need to fix this game first.  I'll try to update this review when they do.
DISASTRO PORCO DIO
Refunded! Clunky game. Lot of glitches. Nothing new. Movement is bad. I'm sorry but I am not paying $100 for 2 games that look like they were made in the early 2000's. The graphics and game play are just not on par with what is being put out these days. The look and feel of Rainbow Six Siege blows this out of the water and it came out many moons ago. How long is a brand name going to carry this franchise?
suffers from the same problems I have had the the COD franchise for almost 7 years now. The people who play the most get the better gear to kill you the new guy better. The game doesnt even worry about balance.
Wish I could get a refund, but I clicked install and the game self-launched and before I got to even play the game I already had 3+ hours on record because it was running while I was asleep while the game was downloading.  I killed the game Alt-F4 and started over fearing I missed some kind of intro video or something.  Re-launched and found I had to sit through 4 minutes of shader preloading listening to the worst soap opera music.  Finally got past that and decided I didn't want to play.  Waited a while and then decided I would try MP and re-launched the game.  The loading screens are full of unecessary effects and finally when you ge tto the game countdown screen the graphics are plastic cheese consistency.The character movement is sluggish and the field of view seems a little squashed out of the gate.  I pre-ordered this long ago and had looked forward to it.  I'll keep playing Black Ops III or some other game.
Multiplayer for both games are dead on relese.
This is such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game and its not worth $60.I preorderd the game and as they promised the season pass if you do but they didnt give me♥♥♥♥♥
Refund Review:Terrible console port.Split community Steam/MicrosoftNo option to disable Mouse Acceleration
The player base is small, the balance is non existent, the maps are not very creative or diverse, the performance isn't good.  Pass on this installment of cod.
Sadly i must agree to the point, that this CoD is weak.I have no problems with performance and i am fine with the 10 min shader wating time to the beginning.I also dont want to play it in MP, only the SP campaign is for me important.Overall the game is not suprising, predictalbe and introduces nothing new. (except for the scifi stuff)And the fact, that BF 1 and Titanfall 2 is out now, you would be very clever to play these first and wait for a CoD madness week. I, personally, had more fun playing them instead of CoD.It lacks in new gameplay, new interesting story, interesting characters.And this is pretty sad for such a title.I bet you get bored in the game a lot more than in usual CoD titles.Just my thoughts of this game :(And after 6h of playing until finishing it, i am even more sure :/
If you're in for the Campaign/Zombies or the remaster, this is for you. If you're in this for the multiplayer, you might be dissapointed.HOWEVER, I will recommend you though, to buy this game on consoles, not here or the W10 store. Community is dead here, so don't expect more.Other than that, it's still kinda fun. But you have much more options for better games.Game Rating: 7/10PC: 5/10
Refund Review:the point of a review such as this is to base it pretty much within the timeframe in which you can succesfully apply for a refund. (+- 2 hrs.) it is therefore mostly based on first impressions.I went in IW unbiased, i didn't jump on either the hate or the hype train, but since BO I This felt like a COD I might pick up. I like space, i like guns, i like guns in space and soforth, so I was, although a bit skeptical, ready to die, die and die again and again. The last first person thing I played was either Rust or Deus Ex MD, so naturally my aim was a little rusty and because i didn't pick up any COD for the last couple of years, i was completely new to the revamped movement. So if you're like me, a casual FPS'er who's still doubting, this review might be for you.Because nobody buys COD for the campaign, i hadn't touched on any of the single player elements.Tl; DR:The Good:-Shooting is tight and feels gratifying-Movement is fun and allows for some interesting manouvers-Time-to-Action barely exists-It's just more COD, the playstyle is still the same-Short but sweet matches make you come back for more-In my experience the game ran pretty good, and my framerate never seemed to drop below 50The Bad- Map designs could've been a lot more varied- Balancing seems quite a bit off- Verticality seems as if it's mostly a gimmick- Space setting seems greatly underused. Also-Graphics are okay, my rig runs a GTX 965m, between normal-high settings so keep that in mind.-Matchmaking can sometimes be a bit slow-The Stereotypical, whiny COD players are most definitely still aroundDO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME:No, I am getting a refund.IW is by no means a bad game, it just feels a bit unpolished in general, however, it IS triple A/ Holiday-season and I strongly believe you can spend your 60 bucks on a better game, I know I am. It's just more COD, so this'll scratch some people's itches, but it doesn't scratch mine. However, you can always try for yourself.Right off the bat, it feels as if this is a COD where having a higher level gives you a significant advantage over new players. Not just because of map knowledge and adjustment to the movement system, but because there are certain upgrades, that i of course wasn't able to reach within my two-hour game span, that felt overpowering to me. Upgrades, weapons and attachments that made it seem as if the opponent's weapon was just way more powerful than mine, it takes probably less that a second to get killed. And you'll get killed alot. I tried some of the weapons, and I suggest picking up the ERAD first, a standard energy-weapon SMG that has a high ROF, which seems to matter the most. I often felt that in a situation in which I had superior aim, I got killed because the enemy's gun fires things faster than mine. Friends and foes are diversified by their RIGS, an activision word for classes, but that variation quickly lost its glamour once you notice that  most players gravitate towards the robot, because it has an ability that gives it two hip-fire guns that kill you almost instantly. I didn't have much time with many of the rigs, or the game, so this is definitely an observation by availability.I feel that the maps are what's most lacking in this game. Every map, besides Frost, which i did quite like, feels like a different arrangement of small nooks and corridors within industrial-esque rooms, most of which were unused because players seemed to only use certain pathways. I felt as if these were maps in which they tried to encourage tactical play, but because COD players play the way they do, this is often neglected, and this just made the maps seem similar. The Space setting could have served for some really interesting map desing, like zero-G for example, but besides the Nolan-esque portrayal of a black hole neatly placed in the skybox, this feels like a missed opportunity. Space ships are like the factories on the ground, way too similar. The focus on CQC makes Sniper rifles feel more obsolete than ever, with no real 'sniper spots' or lanes, and standing still often meant dying. Verticality and movement seems to be tacked on as well. Ledges that were easily within reach of my boost-jump were ungrabable and wall-run sections seemed like 'insert wall-run bit here', but if an enemy was at the beginning or the end of such a section, you're pretty much dead. However, boost jumping IS a lot of fun, and i've seen players use it to their advantage. Once you're adjusted to aiming from the air, and those sorts of things, you can outmanouvre an enemy quite skillfully, as you confuse them with your unpredictable movement. These were the moments that i didn't feel bad dying, because it was obvious that  they just had more skill than I did. But, COD is still COD. Despite sounding negative, shooting is still as tight as ever and feels gratifying. Just barely surviving an encounter, even if it does only last a second, feels great and the Time-to-Action is almost non-existent. You're dead, and a second later you're sliding or boost-jumping to your death again. I didn't encouter any game breaking bugs, I had one bad case of rubberbanding and sometimes you'd have to wait a minute to get into a game. Matches were over in a blink and i always stayed in the lobby for more. I think that this is as arcade-y as COD will get, and i think that activision will publish a more arcade-y one next year.
Great if you want to look at a loading screen, but if you want to play it then tough luck...
The game is already dead    O  .  O
Scheiß Spiel.
Tried loading into a zombie solo game, forced to watch a rubbish loading movie only to reach a black screen that then does nothing.Tried to change graphics settigns to get past this , locks up.Refund please.
Only thing ♥♥♥♥♥ier than the game is how long it takes for my refund to be processed.
Eh $59.99 what ya expect ?
Chaotic Mess
I am already frustrated being that I cannot play multiplayer. I can select multiplayer, then join any game I wish to. However, once I see in the bottom right corner, "Game Started: Loading game." After a few seconds, it exits to the main menue with the message, "Game Lobby closed".
Absolutely horrible game! Bought mainly for the remaster but not worth $80.00 at all for just one game was hoping infinite warfare would surprise me but i was sadly mistaken. Futuristic stuff has ruined Call of Duty...  Requested a refund.
Personne dans le multi
no matter what i try to do, start a match, campaign or change the settings. the game crashes, and it crashes steam along with it. bad port!
Lets start with Infinite Warfare... They've focused too much on verticality, something which detracts from the gameplay. It feels too clunky when moving around, not to mention that even if you can shoot well, if you have the tiniest bit of lag, it's very much shoot first, kill first. This simply is nowhere near what should be expected, and certainly not worth the purchase price.REMASTERED however, was well worth it alone for me, the game is fluid, the gameplay, just how I remembered CoD in its prime. Switch from remastered to IW, and you'll be backing out of a game quicker than you can say "Infinite Warfare Sucks"..
The optimization is surprisingly good, especially the campaign. The campaign has alot of quality to it and is probably the best part of the game. The COD Devs always make sure that when a COD campaign is badly received, it still has a great campaign that make it worth spending a certain amount of money on.As for the multiplayer, it's crap, and it's been crap for years in my opinion. Not much else to say about it.Regardless of the great campaign, i didn't want to buy this at all. I did, however, really wanted to get the COD4 remaster, so i was basically forced to buy this like many other COD4 fans.To be honest, i'd probably recommend this game if i didn't despise Activision's greed so much.
♥♥♥♥♥trailer♥♥♥♥♥♥game, refundo here i come.
clunky, unbalanced, pay2win, UAV so often you look more on your minimap than the actual game.The UI in the menu is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it confuses me. Only thing i like is that the guns looks dope.Get Titanfall 2 instead, wont be dissapointed there.
Not good. Tons of lag. The MP is garbage. Half the time I can't even find a lobby. If you're a fan of  cod, stick with BO3. Don't waste your money. You'll thank me later
Well, I pre-ordered Digital Deluxe edition of this game 1 and a half month from release date. Was waiting desperately for it to launch..Every day, every night... I had high hopes from Activision as well as Infinity ward...All I expected was a normal game with good story and good multiplayer.. And what I got after waiting for so long is LAGS, FPS drop and low performance, that I can't even play the game. I'm getting 14-17fps. How could Activision do such thing to me, I've been a fan of call of duty from the start. I debated so many battelfield 1 players, that Infinite Warfare will win, and what I'm getting in the end??? A lesson, "to never trust someone or don't rise ur hopes high"? It takes so long at matchmaking in MP, SP-MP FPS drop..What the hell I'm supposed to feel losing my 6.9K INR . That was the money I saved in 5years. As a student and a gamer, I deeply regret buying this now. Do Something ASAP, if you wanna save your franchise and fan following......EDIT: After 2-3 updates the fps drop is till the same and so are jitters.
mouse acceleration sorry forced mouse acceleration!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! unplayable !
My game just freezes on the start menu does anyone know how to fix this
pure cancer
Should have incorporated using a new engine in the budget. Good luck on continuing COD after this Black Ops 4 in space FAIL. and have fun exploiting my investment in this garbage. Thanks Blizzard-Activision.
It is fun but the exo jumps needs to go so if you are going to get this get the legacy edition so you wont play with exo suits
CoD IW:Awful game filled with many bugs, game stops responding as soon as I go to the 'Maps' menu on Custom Games.Edit: After moving this game from my external HDD to my internal HDD, the game now responds but goes black for many seconds before resuming.The actual gameplay is alright, not as good as Black Ops 3.CoD MW1 Remastered:Pretty good, like the original with better graphics. Even with limited maps, it's still really fun.Would I recommend this game? YesWould I recommend this game with the current price? No
Unplayable. The Performance sucks .. and the Game set 2K Resolution on Preset XD Sorry the Games sucks still after many Tweaks. Frame Drops over Frame Drops..
The campaign wasn't bad.I enjoyed the story,the characters and the jackal fights.Performance is horrible,there is also some weird mouse problem that made my life a living hell.No one is playing the zombies mode or at least me and a lot of other people can't connect to each other for some reason.There were bugs here and there,including some crashes along the way but that is normal for a PC release.
Worst game I've ever played, belongs to the same trash category as the other exo-bunny-jumping-pls_give_us_your_money -games.Here's why this game sucks:-The menu keeps freezing when going to settings .-The game starts in windowed mode no matter what the settings.-Multiplayer is horrible; everyone just uses those f*cking robot characters with laser pistols and literally rapes-This makes me want to kys.-You can't even go to campaign without the game freezing.-Menu music sucks.-The introduction to mp was boring and got me very tilted due to the fact that ♥♥♥♥ couldn't be skipped.If you want to mw remastered go for it, but don't even dare to install this. The game developers would need to pay you when you play this game, that's how bad this is. -10/-10 would never play again.
STARTING WITH A LOST OF CONS:-NO ANTICHEAT SO AIMBOTTERS EVERY SECOND GAME-SNIPERS ARE NERFED TO THE POINT OF BEING BALLISTIC POTATOES-CANT RAGE QUIT DURING CUTSCENES-CONTROLS ARE CLUNKY-HIT DETECTION IS HORRIFIC-HALF THE PLAYERBASE LEFT IN THE FIRST WEEK-MAPS ARE MASSIVE-MAPS HAVE TO MANY TUNNELS AND SHORTCUTS SO ITS UMPOSSIBLE TO BUILD UP STREAKS WITHOUT GETTING FLANKED-WEAPON BALANCING - HOW DID THEY THINK IT WAS A GOOD IDEA TO RELEASE IT IN THIS STATE?-CRYPTOKEYS ARE EARNT WAY TO SLOWLY-SUPPLY DROPS FULL OF USELESS JUNK-ANNOYING WEAPON VARIANT SYSTEM THAT USES IN GAME CURRENCY BUT IS ANOTHER WAY TO STEAL MONEY FROM GAMERS-WHEN YOU BOOST JUMP AND LAND YOUR WEAPON DROPS THEN JUMPS UP AGAIN MAKING JUMP SHOTS WITH SNIPERS IMPOSSIBLE-CANT TEXT CHAT IN LOBBYS ONLY IN GAME-ALL SNIPERS SUCK, EITHER FUNCTION SUPER SLOW OR NEED A WHOLE CLIP TO KILL SOMEONE-MAP SELECTION IS ANNOYING-HARD TO SEE PLAYERS AS THEY BLEND INTO THE MAP MAKING IT A CAMPERS HEAVEN-LOTS OF CAMPERS-YOU LEVEL VERY SLOWLY-MOUSE ACCELERATION CANT BE TURNED OFF-MOUSE SENSITIVITY SETTINGS ARE LIMITED -ALL RELOADS AND ADS TIMES ARE WAY TO SLOW FOR A FUTURISTIC COD-COLOURS HAVE NO CONTRAST AND MENUS ARE ANNOYINGLY DRAB AND LOOK LIKE A PUDDLE OF MUD AND WEEDS-COSTS MONEY TO BUY THIS GAME-WHY IS IT A AAA TITLE?-INDIE DEVS CAN MAKE GAMES BETTER THAN THISNOW A LIST OF PROS:-GAME RUNS WELL.-BEST CAMPAIGN IVE PLAYED FOR A WHILECONCLUSION-THE GAME IS STILL IN BETA AND WILL NEVER BE FINISHED. COD IS DEAD.
5/10
could have just bought cod ghosts
Insanely long queue times. Low FPS on 1080.
Constant performance issues, HORRIBLY UNPLAYABLE MOUSE ACCELERATION, my god the mouse acceleration is so bad I turn into a ♥♥♥♥ing trickshotter when I try to turn around quickly or touch my mouse. OH and a ♥♥♥♥ing 90fPS ♥♥♥♥ING CAP. Invest in a high refresh rate monitor? WELL ♥♥♥♥ YOU! clearly the devs never listened to a single pc player and just ported this crap for the $$$. At least bo3 was well optimised and no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mouse accell what so ever and no ♥♥♥♥ING FPS CAP. Thats not even the worst part, MWR IS SO UNOPTIMISED even on lowest settings Im struggling to maintain a solid 90fps with 2 x 1070's. IW is at least slightly better optimised and I stress SLIGHTLY, I can maintain a solid frame rate despite the constant frame stuttering and occasional fps dip ON LOWEST SETTINGS.My only issues with this game is how horrible it plays and stutters and accelerates and is totally among the worlds worst port ever.  IF they get there♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix this ♥♥♥♥ing bs I might actually enjoy it, but I can't honestly play this for longer thjan 30 minutes at a time without getting a ♥♥♥♥ing headache over the horrible performance. Honestly after BO3 I thought they would have finally stopped this♥♥♥♥♥♥on pc.A GIANT ♥♥♥♥ YOU TO ALL PC PLAYERS DO NOT BUY even for MWR, MWR is wayyy worse.
I would rather have my hands get run over by a car than put them on my keyboard and mouse to play this game. Extremly choppy and terrible frames. I have an OC FX6300 at 4.4 and a OC R9 380 4gb with 8gb DDR3 ram. If you have worse than me than good luck to you and enjoy your headaches. 1/5 stars the only good thing is zombies but that isn't good enough to carry everything else out from the mud. It isn't activision zombies.
Worst game ever. Feels like it was made by an indie studio...
Only played Multiplayer on PC in Australia. Results may vary. I'm sure the single player is as always a great 6-10hr cinematic experience. Only game mode available is TDM. You can't get a game on anything else. Which doesn't bode well for trying to get a game at all three months from now.The maps are either space junkyard or Asian inspired small area. There is literally not one stand out as "this is a great map!".I feel like CoD is now in the Saw 6 phase where they are just seeing how little they can spend and still make money.
Requesting a refund. this game takes time to set up and get the setting right. it takes some time to play a little bit of each gametype.  I literally have one hour over the time allowed to play the game. im sorry it takes time to set everything up so that it is playable and i have to try the game and im sorry that i went one hour over. I tried to support my local gamestop due to friends who work there and trying to keep their jobs alive. I purchase a Steam game code there and they tell me " if you want to request a refund contact steam about it" yet steam tells me to contact the retailer. Someone better contact me about this cuase this is childish to point fingers at each other and say you go to him. there has got to be someone I talk to somewhere that can actually do something to help. Steam.... your support page says that you guys will look in to a refund but nowhere on your support page is a contact us....
not going to lie, but i did what most people did and buy it only for the remaster. yes the remaster is oka but it does not justify spending a full £60 just to play it. i played a little bit of the infinte warfare campaign and not going to lie, thought they could have done a better story instead of coping mass effect and most space genre games. tried to play the mutiplayer  and to my surprise, DOESNT want to connect to anyone. goes to load a match and, nope disconects. the game has a weird fps stutter for some strange reason. im sorry but i just think this port could of been handled with a little bit more care due to being developed for 2/3 years.
In its current state i simply cannot recommend this game, the time to kill is way too fast , and the rigs are much too OP.. 3/10 11/5/2016
im beyound mad ok first off omfg mw remaster runs like crap i cant get a stable 60 frames and the good god above u say yew listen to the people you only hear these stupid kids on youtube what about the people who are there to not be the best i wanna enjoy the game u ♥♥♥♥ing add bots well done but then u turn around n add none of the fun modes like gun game to cod 4 HD now onto the main game its ok but i feels diffrent to any call of duty i played
DON'T BUY THIS!I'm a CoD-Fanboy since CoD1, but this is the first game I'm getting a refund on.I played the IW: Multiplayer for about half an hour. I didn't expect much and was disappointed anyway. The graphics are dull and uninspired and the controlls are horrible. The whole game feels clunky. Beside that there are alot of technical difficulties. Framelags, stutters, etc.I got a good rig, can play BO3 and BF1 on Ultra, but IW seems like a bad port.But the worst part is, the SAME goes for the CoD4-Remake!Spend your money on Titanfall 2 or Battlefield 1, but please skip this one.
Now where to start with this... Campaign feels good and plays nicely, guns feel good and story isn't bad. Zombies are nice, probably better than black ops 3, the map is huge and there's a lot of stuff to discover and do in it. Now for the bad part : the multiplayer. As much as I want to like this game, I just can't. Multiplayer just feels bad, maps are too small and feel cluttered, sniper rifles are basically a joke considering the size of the map and how bad they are compared to assault rifles/SMGs.  Shotguns are pure garbage even in hardcore. The payloads feel great and are really fun tho. It is almost impossible to find a hardcore game as it currently has one of the lowest player bases I've ever seen for a CoD. Overall, not worth the money. 3/10 wouldn't buy again
This is just my first (and last) impression after a bit more than 1 hour of gaming. The biggest issue here is the following: The game looks and feels completely wrong. The movement mechanic is so bad that I assume the Dev's did just overengineer it. Nevertheless: you're pretty fast, but the whole wall running and 'double' jumping is crap. I wont start with the graphics.. even COD Ghosts looked better. In addition to odd movements, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay, crappy guns and some weird frame rate issues the price is a ♥♥♥♥ing insult to every gamer. I feel insulted and ripped off. If you're looking for a fast paced shooter get yourself Titanfall 2. Ah, almost forgot: The remastered MW? ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥
that is♥♥♥♥♥♥ not ♥♥♥♥ing game..
♥♥♥♥this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trash game wastes my 99 dollars. turn every single thing low and still lag like♥♥♥♥♥♥ battlefield way better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥yea even a gtx1080 wont be run this with everything low, worse fps than pubg. I would rather play my 6 years old ios game modern combat 4 on iphone 5s than wasting my time on this trash game
It isn't the worse cod to have come out ( Only just ). The whole futuristic thing is getting old now, more people hate it than there is people who actually like it. Activision do not seem to listen to their fan base at all. Also, the season pass holders get so many advantages over no seasson pass holders. Some may say you get what you pay for, but season pass holders can basically unlock specialised weapons just by logging in on any given day. People without season pass have to basically play the game for a week straight to get enough credits to get just 1 gun.... Also, earning keys to unlock chests is shocking. You have to play 10+ games to get close to getting even 1 key.... you need 30 to unlock a decent chest....   I fate this 2 out of 10 star.......... Battlefield 1 for me. I received this game for free, and this is my honest opion of the game.
Absolute trash even if i enjoyed it
BIGGEST CANCER I HAVE EVER SEEN MAKES ME WANNA KILL MY SELF. FREZZES KICKS FROM LOBBY EVERY SECOND GAME IT DOESENT LOAD. I HAVE DRONE BLEACH SO KILL YOUR SELF ACTIVISON YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING DOG LICKING BALLSACK ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
If you are buying this for the MW Remastered:
Love modern warefares multiplayer and campaign. The infinate warfare game is pretty meh. If it wasnt for my friends who play the remaster I wouldnt have bought this game as the new multiplayer seems sub par compared to the old.
This game should be in a trashbag
Update: A Patch came out today after two weeks while consoles already had two patches. It fixed literally none of the issues most people have.This game is literally the worst port I have ever seen in my life.2x R9 270x (Crossfire disabled because it is not supported)Fx-83208GB RamWin 10Average 30 fps on literally the lowest settings at 720pTerrible mouse movement with random increases that you have no control over and will do random 180's.Cant even get a steady 30 fps because it stutters every second. 60fps is dreaming.BO3 at least ran at 60fps on medium settings and didnt stutter.
infinite warefar runs just fine!!! what the hell is up with this FPS lock at 30 on the remastered???? its horrible!!!!!!!!!!!
Crappy port, very poor fps performnce......
Updating my review since the game finally ran for me.  Having only played half of the campaign,  and no multi-player this review is not complete. I'll update it the next time I can get the game to run for me.But first thing to know:=====================================90% OF THE TIME, IT'S UNPLAYABLE: =====================================Crashes, black screens, controls not working, you name it. I've had it.I've had quite a lot of problems with the game. Despite multiple times trying I've only gotten it to work twice, out of about 20+ tries. So it only runs about 10% of the time for me.  My mouse didn't work, or when launching it from Steam, it said steam wasn't running, or it would give a black screen on the opening video. It's been a challenge just to get it to run. It's not a good sign when 90% of the time it's unplayable.This is with the latest drivers (it won't even let you run the game with an outdated driver). An SSD, 6-core i7 processor, 32GB RAM, and a Nvidia 980ti. Verified the files. Checked the forums. Many are having similar problems. I've also got 20 years of IT experience and 35 years of computer gaming experience. This game has been one of the most problematic games. A damn shame, because the developers really put a lot of work and effort in this game. But so far it's been Call of Duty: Infinite loading screens, than infinite warfare.=====================================PERFORMANCE:=====================================Great!All of the two times it actually ran, the game runs great. The game runs at 4k, at 60fsps with no slowdown. Didn't expect that level of performance with a 980ti.=====================================GRAPHICS:=====================================Overall, some great graphics. But there's some blurry, low res graphics.What frustrated me most, is the character models you see in the trailer are mostly from pre-generated cutscenes.  I was wondering why suddenly my crisp 4k resolutions turned to 1080p with bad artifacting..It's playing a video.The quality drop is very noticeable when it's real time.=====================================SINGLE PLAYER GAMEPLAY:=====================================What I've seen would make a Michael Bay fan happy, but so far...it's more of the same. I really was hoping for more. It's about as fulfilling as cotton candy. What you get is good, but it's also mostly empty. So far there's little substance beyond explosions. I was hoping this would be the CoD that really tried to break out of the mold and really do something different. It's more of the same. Just like a Disney attraction, you can have a good time. But there's no exploration. Everything is just a facade. I wanted immersion, exploration, and an interesting world. Fine. You can't do that with everything. But at least let us do that for things like the capital ship.See that amazing cool ship? Want to visit all the decks? You can't.  Want to help put out that fire? You can't.Want to get to know the crew? You can't. Want to explore wreckages? You can't.In short, maybe my expectations were too high. But I wanted more than a typical CoD single player game. It’s average. Good in some respects, but still doesn’t venture out of its safe space.I really wanted this to be great. Desperately. =====================================FLYING:=====================================It's arcadey. The movement is great. But it's no Wing Commander, Star Citizen, or Elite Dangerous. DO NOT get this for the flying experience. It's slightly above No Man's Sky in terms of depth. That's not saying much.You just can't exit your ship any time you want. You can't fly too far.  The planet to space transition actually has less interactivity than No Nan's Sky. You can only move your camera.  That just makes the transitions from planet to space little more than a loading screen. Want to explore the dark side of the moon? Just fly around? Forget it.One nice thing I noticed. Guns move your ship slightly back. That's a nice touch. The missile re-arming drone is neat.It's no more of a flight sim, than the original Afterburner arcade game.This may pass for a flight sim on consoles, but not on PC. We've got hundreds of better flight sims here.=====================================THE WRITING=====================================I hate these characters. The one I like the best is a robot. The humans are a bunch of idiots.I'm no military expert. But no. The captain leaving the ship so he can go fight in a (space!) fighter jet. Okay. Should we just call you Captain Kirk then? Also the captain of the ship is being told what to do. Like he’s the grunt.The military advisers must have been really frustrated. The Cliche 3000 machine must have also been working overtime on this one. Some of the dialog is cringe worthy. Which brings me to:=====================================THE VILLAIN=====================================Oh Kit. Oh John Snow. I wish you nothing but success. But you have chosen..... poorly.I bet it sounded great. But you were given nothing to work with here. An example:Admiral Generic Villain: "All sector forces are ordered to surrender for immediate execution”….Um, that’s not how you get people to surrender. Die, or surrender so we can kill you? And you also don’t care about killing your own men, just to prove a point  to somebody you’re going to kill anyways! Some great military leadership there! I can see why people follow you!=====================================SCIENCE OR FICTION?=====================================It's a step above Star Wars. But there's little science here. It's the same old Call of Duty but on planets that clearly have little to no basis in science. Even their low gravity stuff is off. Planets that should kill you with radiation, or be a lot dimmer, or have way less clouds, or less rocky areas. They are basically sticking you on Earth with Jupiter as the background and saying, "Look! You're in space!"Space Elevators are cool. But why? Even a fighter jet can just jump from Earth to Space in seconds.I do appreciate the nods to exploring mars, the moon landings in the museum. Some of these developers love space. They just didn't get a chance to make an interesting space combat game.Don't let the lack of lasers fool you. There's very little science here. But hey. Maybe it will inspire kids to read more about the real places.=====================================MULTI-PLAYER:======================================I haven't played the game in multiplayer. But from what I've seen in the forums the game is plagued with cheaters. No Thanks. Best check with other reviews to see the multiplayer.=====================================OVERALL: =====================================I'd rate this game as almost unplayable for me. Your results may vary. When I do get into the game, it’s ….okay. So, I'd hold off for a sale. The numbers are really low, and multi-player supposedly has suffered. I’d check the forums to see what people are saying before buying.Maybe the Squadron 42 game will give us the kind of game I want. Because CoD:IW certainly didn't. I was really hoping this would be the one that rights all of my problems with CoD. It's not. That makes me sad. I may be harsh, but that's because I wanted it to be so good. If you’re going to spend millions on a space combat game. Come on. Do it right. By playing it so safe, you’re dooming your franchise.VERDICT:  PASS OR WAIT FOR A SALE. READ THE FORUMS BEFORE BUYING.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 60 quid down the plughole
I want to like this game. However, when it gets stuck on a loading screen in single-player and gets blackscreened during Zombies, I shouldn't be surprised that I'm disappointed.
Anyone whoever have played or wwatched whole halo series you will never like this game just like me......all same looking character same space ships every thing looks like call of duty: Halo returns o_O...... wtf i almost laughed out loud on the same repeatative ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story. Call of duty have truely ♥♥♥♥ed up and for multiplayer its ♥♥♥♥ed ofcourse it will never connect had to wait for hours in lobby. I wish i can buy cod remastered seperately but sad if i return this infinite♥♥♥♥♥♥ remastered cod will be returned too :'(. But i have no choice but to return it all i am glad i didnt spent more than 2 hours and waiting for my refund!!!!
There is many reasons I do not recomend this game and ama say 3. Bo3 was fun as ♥♥♥♥ but then there was this gun called the haymaker, you should know were am going with this. Yeah there was a few other ♥♥♥♥ing gay weapons like the PO-6, but back to this game. The Reaver. Are you ♥♥♥♥ing serious COD? Its the haymakers gayer brother. Like ♥♥♥♥ing seriously its imposible to go against someone who has it unless the really suck. 2nd, Why did you slow down the ♥♥♥♥ing scope sight on snipers for ♥♥♥♥ing PC? Its alot harder to snipe unless you have like ♥♥♥♥ing 10 years of practice. 3rd WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DID YOU REMOVE THEATER MODE!? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ GUYS! But dont get me wrong, Advanced warfare was litralty ♥♥♥♥ing a pile of cancerous♥♥♥♥♥♥ I dunno why people say that ghost was bad, i liked it, liked it more than this "COD game" you call here. Now am a really big ♥♥♥♥ing zombies fan and i mostly got this for that, yeah i liked the zombies but not "loved" like Bo1 zombies. Thing i didnt like is its been changed so much its like not even the classic zombies anymore, i get that its not suppost to be like Bo zombies, but its ok. But not enough for me to  recomend this game. Dont worry COD, this isnt the worst idea ya guys came up with. The worst was ♥♥♥♥ing Exo Zombies In AW.  Awful. Just Awful.
Refund Simulator 2: No Man's BuyTime to get those dank csgo skins
Crashes every time you try to change the resolution and also there's no way to change your NAT type if its strict so you can forget about playing Modern Warfare with your friends. Good thing I didn't actually pay the $80 for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Note: This review is only for the single player experience as of 5/11/2016. I will update this review once I try all the 3 game's multiplayer component.I have so far played all 3 FPSes that came out in the span of the last couple of months. So this is a comparison based on TitanFall 2, Battlefield 1 and Call Of Duty Infinite Warfare.tldr; Get Titanfall 2 for the story, Get Battlefield 1 for multiplayer. IW is buggy as of right now. It's new experience is much to be desired and lacks polish that is already available in other games. Stick to previous COD if you want more of the same.If you want to know more, read on fellow gamer.So let's get down to it, as of right now, the game is buggy. Invisible models, sounds play over themselves and also weird AI behaviour are some of the things that I encountered during my playthrough. Some of these are very COD problems, like having NPCs stand by the door and repeating themselves over and over until you open the door. Some of the level designs are great and some not so much. There are also parts that can get incredibly repetitive. Take for example, at the beginning of most levels, when you board the ship and have the role of captain, start you from the bridge. You take the lift down to your space plane and from the space plane it goes into a canned cut scene in which the plane spins round, moves forward, then the room lights up. Your wing pilot counts down 3 to 1, you press w and then press shift, and you take off with another canned animation. It's the same when you end the mission except in reverse.The thing is it even happens on missions where you start on "foot". It is cool the first time, but to have to do it repeatedly at the start of every mission becomes a pain in the butt. Most of the time I find myself wanting to skip it. I wonder with all the advanced technology in the future, why can't the autopilot launch the plane itself without me pressing w and shift. I could have used the time to get myself a hot cup of tea. I understand what they are going for, to make the ship feel alive, but it does not feel like its alive when the same people are doing the same thing each time. The same woman officer practising in the “VR” armoury, the same guys sitting around. It is like there wasn't much effort to make the ship feel alive.On to mechanics. After playing Titanfall 2's singleplayer campaign, the wall running and double jumping mechanics in the game feel clunky and unresponsive, whereas Titanfall 2 made it fluid and easy to perform. The level design in Titanfall 2 allows for the use of the mechanics quite well, and require some creative problem solving to get from point A to point B. For this game, you could avoid doing any wall running if you do not want to and still complete the game. Why give a mechanic to the player where the use of it is totally optional. This paired up with the fact that the level design does not allow for much non-linear play for the player to use the mechanic.Something that is also infuriating is that you can wonder around a small area of your huge ship. However, there is little beyond that. There is also a leaderboard that keeps track of every enemy of high rank that you kill but it feels unsatisfying even if you kill them off. The board shows you enemies that you have met, but if you killed them, there is no satisfying X across their picture. Instead, you have to click on them and see the word “Deceased” on it. It is a cool mechanic the first time, but it is so very clunky and unfulfilling. That is paired with the fact that it is all you can do while on your ship. You are a captain of a cool bad♥♥♥♥♥capital ship, but you only have a very small area you can explore on your ship. You cannot even enter the armoury that you always have been doing at the start of a mission, and you cannot even do that cool VR shooting which you every time see a lady doing when you return from a mission. Basically, the ship part of the game is just an elaborate menu. It could have been good if done right, but it feels like a chore after the first time. I find myself wondering if all this could just be replaced by a mission briefing and load out menu.There are also portions of the game, in fact quite big portions of the game where you fly your space jet. It's pretty cool the first time but can get old after a while. It just doesn't feel great. It does not fly like hawx or even ace combat. Most levels put you into a fixed small map which requires you to either kill other smaller fighters or the big ships. There is no real challenge to destroy the big ship other than to press a button for flares which for some reason you got an infinite amount of and you can use as much of your canons and guns. Also, for some reason, your magic space plane cannot die because it has health regen like you on the ground.Controlling a titan in Titanfall feels far more polished with each Titan having a personality and movement challenging. It requires you to hunt for power cores to "heal" your mech. It's pieces of metal, not magic skin that can heal itself when you take cover. It just screams of ludo-narrative dissonance. It just doesn't feel right.There are some things that the game get quite right. The main plot of the story is interesting and during the course of all that repetition, you create a bond with some of those optional characters when they survive or die. You get genuinely concerned. But there are some moments where the game wants you to feel something when you obviously don't. Like when grunt 89556 dies. It reminds me of the "Press F to pay respects" moment in the last game.Of course, this is all might be quite nit-picky, maybe in the future someone will invent large rockets that can go into space on a whim, or shoot energy pellets out of a gun maybe they can even build gravity defying grenades. However, in truth, the game is a totally different experience from the other COD in the series. They tried to do something different and turn the series into full on Sci-Fi with new mechanics and a brand new theme, with military jargons and the traditionalism of today. Don't get me wrong, that in itself is interesting, it's a plausible future but is nothing like any of the COD series. It requires incredible suspension of belief, even if some of the techs seems plausible today.The fact is this; Activision could have saved themselves the trouble by just making it a brand new series with its own personality instead of being cheap and sticking on the COD label onto it. Which is one of the reasons all the hate online. The thing is, it could have been a brand new experience if fleshed out well and I would be behind that. A sci-fi shooter in space where you command a capital ship of some kind is something I can completely get behind. If they dropped the COD label and just call it Infinite Warfare, and flesh out more gameplay, design more levels and assets, it would be the best thing ever, but as it stands it's not.My final conclusion is this: Infinity Ward tried something new, thats great. But it leaves alot lacking, unpolished and much to be desired. The narrative is very much in the range of a classic high action call of duty game. Did it pay off to go in this new direction? Probably, ifi they had let it grow and gain its own personality. As of right now it just feels like call of duty in space.With so many FPSes coming out so close to each other, if you have not gotten any of the 3 and are thinking of which one to get, Get titanfall if you are into sci-fi. Get battlefield if you are into large scale multiplayer and as of 5/11/2016, stick to the previous COD if you enjoy the COD series at least until they release a patch to fix the movement and the strange bugs, stick to advanced warfare.Update: Fixed more grammer and sentence structure mess. Added more detail about the enemy leaderboard mechanic.
poorly optimized cant play offline like it sayscan't change any setting in the setting menu(which can only be accessed once you connect online through zombs, multi, or campaigngame is loading simulator with no results everI have 45 minutes on the game but have not actually played anythingmy friend bought this game for me and him so we could play together but i sure hope he can get his money back its trash0/10 - less useful than a paperweight
My last review was positive but now my opinion has changed, dont buy this at its current state, the games pretty good, and im a casual fps guy so i have all the new fps shooters. ive been getting kicked out of these game servers way too much with all the NAT errors, titanfall 2 and bf1 have no issues so idk whats up with infinity wards servers.  I really tried to get into this game but its just not worth the $60 i put into it.
I buy this game at Aug 4th,but game was release at Nov 4th, download it Nov 5th, and can not play,but try over and over for 0.9 hour,than try to refound  it, but steam say I bought it over two weeks, can not rebound. STEAM,PLEASE TELL ME HOW CAN I KOWN THIS GAME CAN NOT PLAY ON STEAM WHEN I BUY IT WITH PRE-ORDER?
Had to buy COD Infinite Recycle Warfare to get a 9 Year old game, all because COD 4 playerbase is strong but dead               I was hoping this would resurrect it quess not. gg
♥♥♥♥ activision
What do they not understand. Feet on the ground = good cod. really choppy and the movements are someting most players dont like so why keep adding them?
if you love mouse acceleration then this game is for you.
Should have just named it "Advanced Warfare 2". This is a game that was made with no effort and then used gimmicks like DLC's to make up for the lack of content not to mention the copied and pasted entities and sound effects from previous Call of Duty's. Don't waste your time and money, if you did, refund it like I did. What a shame...and I was excited for this.
Asinine. I preordered the game and didn't get the remastered version of CoD 4 because I needed to preorder the "Legacy" edition of the game. I know this isn't news to a lot of people and on me for not paying closer attention, but then again how many overpriced, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t versions of this game are there and how many do I have to throw money at to get the game that anyone actually wants to play? That's harsh, the campaign in this game is fine, but I can't get multiplayer to find any games and all troubleshooting just brings up forum topics from the beta. Every multiplayer game I've ever played on this wifi network and this machine work perfectly, yet this one for whatever reason refuses to work. Part of me wants a refund, but the campaign's decent, like screw it, I did this to my self. I just can't buy next year's game, or really I shouldn't have bought this year's. Don't make the mistake I have thinking that it'll be fine in the end and I won't feel bad about my 60 dollar purchase. It's like the worst kind of fast food that feels somewhat fine going down, yet you almost immedietally regret and wish you'd never let seduce its way into your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now greased mouth. But whatever, it's in my esophagus now. What can you do. Warn others to stay away, that's what you can do. If you need me, I'll be in the Wendy's yelling at the people ordering like a crazy person. Don't get a baconator, it's just exostential pain on a bun, man.
I purchased this game to see what Infinite Warfare would be like, but the only thing that worked was the remastered Modern Warfare. Infinite Warfare was a total downer because my pc met all of the requirements and it still didn't run properly. When I signed in to the multiplayer mode and found a lobby, it would load the map, but it kicked me from the lobby and said "The Lobby Has Been Closed". When I decided to play the campaign mode, I loaded it up, but sure enough it wasn't working because it wouldn't load all the way. While I was waiting I tried to find out what was going on at the Activision support page and they had nothing. Finally, I dragged my sad mouse over to the zombie mode, and... IT DIDN'T WORK. "Lobby Has Been Closed". I purchased the dulex edition to play Infinite Warfare and the only thing that works was the remater (which was still pretty fun, but you die in two shots from everything). I would rather try to balance 12 eggs on a piece of cardboard then get this game. Now, whenever I think of the word Infinite or the word Warfare I feel violated. It's like walking up to someone and takeing $100.00 and saying "It's just a prank bro!", then running off with the $100 and just leaving a piece of tinfoil that has instructions on how to roll it up. If someone can help me with my Infinite Warfare problem I might actually get the game again. PS I already tried uninstalling it and re-installing it.
There are performance issues abound. I really want to like this game - the visuals are gorgeous, the guns feel nice, but for the life of me I can not play the game for more than three seconds without a stutter or slowdown. The task manager shows the game not even pushing 50% cpu or RAM. Would hold out for a patch or just get it on a console.
Trash. Deserves all the hate.
Let me start by saying I thuroughly enjoyed BO3 MP and I feel I was half decent. I could enjoy myself even against ST cland and ELE clan despite some very suspicious members :DOkay, so first, I have had no crashes, game plays at about a solid 60 fps for me and I am running a GTX 970 still. Lol.Multiplayer is absolute garbage. Here are my reasons: 1: Spawns are garbage as ever. Worse than BO3... think... CS:GO Deathmatch spawns. 2: There are about 3-4 guns in the game that are INCREDIBLY overpowerd. We are talking no recoil, super rapid fire and this is all with out attachments. If you aren't using one of these rapidfire, bluebullet, no recoil weapons, you wont get kills but get killed as fast as if it is hardcore mode. GARBAGE WEAPONS so far. SUPER UNBALANCED. Be prepared to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you until you are like rank 30 +.3: I have to mention weapon balance again.... the super unbalanced weapons mixed with stupid no logic spawns = worst MP ive ever seen in Call of Duty history. 4: Yep, as in every COD, hackers galore on release day. You can watch them not hide the fact they have hacks. In one lobby i was in first time ever playing, this guy went 50+ and like less than 10 deaths. While I know that is not impossible to do, every kill cam I watched, he was clearly folling me thru a wall then the second my arm/gun was visible he was prefiring - sometimes before his target was even visible around a wall. I have seen one hacker per lobby about 7/10 lobbies. It is truly sad and disgraceful that activision/treyarch/infinity ward are too stupid to implement an anti cheat system. I mean seriously... the same hacks the same code every call of duty since call of duty. Then like in BO3 the report system didnt even work and players that blatenlty cheated were never banned. I can't imagine how great this game would be, yes, even IW, if they had a proper anti cheat system. FFSConclusion. Do not buy the game for multiplayer what so ever. Buy the game for Zombies or the remastered MWZombies: FUqking awesome. Everything about zombies is incredible. The new mechanics are so fun, the many missions/side objectives/EE is AWESOME!!!! Damn the map is beautiful, and MASSIVE! Love getting to actually PLAY THE ATTRACTIONS AND RIDES! This is the zombies I have hoped and dreamed for and cant wait to see what the next zombies experience is with Future mappacks.Update soon for remastered MW...
I have not played for very long but from what I gathered it is not fun at all.  If you enjoyed the previous itterations of COD then this will probably keep you interested until the next one comes out.  They added in guns from previous games like MW2.  These guns feel out of place like they were added in at the last minuet to get the final bit of content in but the worst part is that they dont act like they did in the old games.  I bought this game for the remastered COD4 and I am very, very unhappy with it.  When I first launched it I thought "Hey this feels like the good old times!" after my first game I felt very odd about the game but shook it off thinking it was only my nostalgia goggles not working properly.  So I played a few more rounds but after everyone I had the exact same feeling and then it hit me, the reason I dont like it is because its not COD4.  Yes Raven did a wonderful job creating a mechanically sound (but boring) shooter but the problem is that they added the COD4 name on to it.  The guns did not feel or sound like they did years ago, it was very obvious that if you tried to use anything different than what everyone else was you were going to get no kills,  the almost endless spawn camping in multiplayer followed by the endless killstreaks that everyone can unlock by holding down M1 just dont make it fun.  If you want a shooter that is mechanically sound and tons of fun get Battlefield 1 or Titanfall 2 both are so much better and can offer a larger amount of content.
Boring. Unenjoyable.Modern Warfare Remastered is great though. Needs to be standalone, but unfortunately Activision are a bunch of crooks and decided to make it a bonus package for the♥♥♥♥♥♥game lol.Don't buy it.  Not worth it.
really good game
Severe fps drop! Trash story.It's just a cod12 with different maps.
12 hours play time, barely two keys. This "bug" is just hilarious. No numbers by the sensitivity bar, the config file is lazy and scrambled. Settings could be improved. What a disappointment. Feels like a bad Black Ops 3 copy.Although IW is an unbalanced broken mess, which learns nothing from ghosts, I wont be talking about that, but about the bugs and things that are missing from the game.The keys and scrap basically don't generate at all for me. I've been playing for 13 hours and accumulated  I thought that maybe I'm just bad, but I have a 680spm and 2+kd as of this moment. Sprint to cancel reload Matchmaking is long, painful and obsolete.The game starts in windowed mode, although it's specified to start in full screen.The Menu interface is confusing and unorganised. Challenges are too hard and way to grindy. Video options reset your position in the menu every time you change one of them. Only 3 audio presets: Headphones, small speakers and default.Although there is and option to enable and disable "sprint cancels reload" it doesn't always work. More specifically it doesn't work when you reload whilst already sprinting.No option to change between toggle/hold the scoreboard.No numerical indicator for the sensitivity which makes it very hard and tedious to configure. (it does say "0" all the time in the right of the bar which just shows incompetence)Friendly fire in hardcore kills you instantly, making you take the punishment for other people's stupidity and incompetence. (in most cases)No ability to see someone's steam profile, nor to add them.Broken sprint to reload cancel.Can't jump whilst the scoreboard is open. (died because of this like 3 times)Ping is represented in bars, like on console, not in ms which is just pathetic.No ability to expand from a 10 point class system to a 17 one.Party system is broken and in most cases doesn't work properly. No party chat. No indicator who's in a party and who is not.No indicator for the party leader. No ability to set the party privacy.No ability to kick someone. No ability to leave alone from the lobby if you're the party leader. If any of you have something to add, please post it in the comments so i can update this.
This game is not for the mentally stable! Warning this game will cause you to rip out your hair and think the enemy team is cheaters. I got this Cod for the fact that I wanted to 360 no scope a kid's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ open but instead i found myself looking down the barrel of a gun and consinplating suicide. I would rather but the 1000 dollar moby♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than this game at this when i get anally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by that I will find pleasure... But zombies is  amazing!
Let me tell you a story from a time of LAN parties and 56k. The trailer for this game rekindled my interest for the solar system. I have played Descent. I have read Ben Bova and James S. A. Corey. I have seen Armageddon. So it was a dream come true when the trailer was revealed. It got my hopes up that I would finally get a militarized Science Fiction tour of the solar system.Everything was fine up until I hit a bug at the end of the Operation Burn Water level. And now I can't finish the campaign. I'm stuck in Titan's upper atmosphere and Mons Olympus won't show up! I've tried restarting from the checkpoint, restarting a few missions back, restarting the whole game... at this rate I might as well give up and try to find a copy of Hardwar!I feel cheated.
No community, only 7k on at a time. In 2 months it will be down to 1k
MWR > IWI think that sums it up!!!
wow
I been waiting for this game to install for 3 and a half days i finally got my hands on it and just damn is all i gotta say i try zombies mp and story mode NONE OF THEM WORK i know it's day one of it being released but damn man don't let a game out like that if it's not fully ready i see half of people who have gotten this game and saying they have crashed i crashed 3 times within 10mins that's just bad. Infinite ward better get there sh!t together before this fails fully i truly wanna love this game but i can't if it's like this so come on guys please fix this make this game good and smooth once it's fix I'll change my dislike
Can we stop with the wank x-ray vision????? Its just a ♥♥♥♥ing wall hack for little kids who dont know what they are doing. And the story line is beyond awful. Its the most repetive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that we see over, and over again. And the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t people. 1 edgy person 1 by the book person 1 who breaks the rules 1 one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bad guy, its just non stop. Every year we get the same game with the same type of story, and the same type of people. And dont get me started about the gameplay, the same copy and paste♥♥♥♥♥♥from black ops 3. Do not get this game, save your money and get titan fall or battlefield 1, not this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
poor game will not load anything, save your cash, read a book than play this game
PC splitscreen?Only bought it for Modern Warfare Remastered.
If you want a game in which you just run around aimlessly until someone turns on a UAV to just get killed from behind then this is the game for you. Sniping is impossible every map is a series of hallways aiming is sluggish inside any scope. This is the best unreal tournament clone ever.
This game is absolute garbage.  Feels unfinished and lacks smooth gameplay.
I expect nothing and I'm still dissappointed
I am a big fan of COD BO3, so i was looking forward to the new one... Oh boy did i regret that one.When i started the multiplayer part and i saw the model in the lobby i was like "ok not bad" but once i was in game i said to myself wth is this.PS graphics??I have GTX1070's in SLi and a WQHD screen, so i wanna see more then ok graphics.Sorry Infinity Ward & Activision, but its a no go from me...Luckly i could refund my money, what a hell fo a service STEAM!
Absolutely awful. Hardcore only has 2 modes TDM or Moshpit (which no one is playing. The game has  cartoon like graphics, maps are completely uninspiring, the gameplay is quite simply dull and boring, the mouse control is all over the place, even with adjusting the settings. The Focus seems to be completely on rigs and customisation, and the gameplay is way  back of the list of things that people  seemingly might actually want, as usual there are several OP weapons,Havent tried the SP as normally save that for a boring day, but I'm guessing that will be more of the same rubbish.Modern Warfare Remastered MP, somehow, it just feels wrong, the amount of times people have blocked doors orI have had to navigate around a branch is just ridiculous and certainly not what happened in the original. At least it has more Hardcore Modes howeevr apart from S&D, the majority are still playing it like TDM, gathering kills so they can get the Helicopter Yawn.Even for 4 games, the price is still extortionate, and when you look at the gameplay clips of BF1, BF1 represents far better value.  Give this a couple of months and I reckon the Servers will be dead, even deader than the BO3 ones went, or everyone will just be playing the Remastered CoD, as its a far superior game, and still has that certain thing that makes it a great game.
I was away and this game opened im hoping to get a refund this game sucks
only bought for mwr and it runs like a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. tried one game of infinite online and quickly relasied it was all pants. tf1 anf bf1 are much better uses for your money!
First of, I tried the game for 2-3 hours and closed the game and went out.. Came back recently and couldnt see any game running or any tabs open but as soon as I checked Steam it said it was still running, had to view Task Manager to find it and now ive "played" 12 Hours. (NOT COOL)I play on a good rig and neither MW or IW runs well at for me. So far the Single Player campaign has been ranging from OK to Cool but they need to fix the lag problem. FPS goes from 100-80 to 20-40 at times, but feels even slower.IW has a weird mouse lag as well, where it skips, even when the FPS is high.Im not impressed with the graphics even for a console port. DOOM and BF1 looks better on consoles then IW does on my 1440p screen.980Ti 6 GB  fill about 4 in the game)i7 4790K 4.0 Ghz16 GB RAMSSDHope for some improvements soon because its kinda unplayable. PS: Activision please make and effort on PC or just abandon it completely.
Game just keeps crashing dont buy
This is an absolute waste of money, in no way is this game anything like what we as a community percieved it as, in the good ways anyway. Everything bad we called out on this game is amplified by 10 and is the utter definition of cancer. I went into this hoping I'd have a good experience, I saw this new game that wasn't anything like 'Call of Duty's before it, I went in optimistically hoping that if it wasn't a good CoD that maybe, just mabye, it would be something like Halo. Nope. I was dead wrong, the only thing that comes to mind when I played this game wsa the utter♥♥♥♥♥♥that the Devs have to be eating right now after this major flop in a risky franchise to change. Infinite Warfare is one fo the worst games I've ever played, it took me 2 hours to figure out how bad this game actually was. Patches won't be able to fix this atrocity of a game. I urge you to save your money and not waste it on this♥♥♥♥♥♥stain of a game.
This is an absolute waste of money, in no way is this game anything like what we as a community percieved it as, in the good ways anyway. Everything bad we called out on this game is amplified by 10 and is the utter definition of cancer. I went into this hoping I'd have a good experience, I saw this new game that wasn't anything like 'Call of Duty's before it, I went in optimistically hoping that if it wasn't a good CoD that maybe, just mabye, it would be something like Halo. Nope. I was dead wrong, the only thing that comes to mind when I played this game wsa the utter♥♥♥♥♥♥that the Devs have to be eating right now after this major flop in a risky franchise to change. Infinite Warfare is one fo the worst games I've ever played, it took me 2 hours to figure out how bad this game actually was. Patches won't be able to fix this atrocity of a game. I urge you to save your money and not waste it on this♥♥♥♥♥♥stain of a game.
What can I say! 50/50 with me. As far as Infinite warfare goes not a problem running on my system just very disappointed with it as far as story, layout & Graphics go very poor show if you ask me same old style Hate the space theme very poor. Infinate looks terrible compared to Modern Warfare 4 REMASTERED now that's another kettle of fish if you ask me totally Awesome remake looks fantastic compared to my old Hard copy of Call of duty 4 which I still own. The REMASTERED copy looks 100 times better than Infinite warfare O.M.G what did they do. I'll tell ya what they did they went backwards with Infinite warfare and totally forwards with the REMASTERED copy the proof is in the pudding this time just take a look yourself The Devs have tripped over their own feet this time and laid all out to bare. Well I only paid £39.99 for the Legacy edition so money well spent on the REMASTERD EDTION My opinion Def get the Remastered if you can and forget the Infinite copy been a Gamer since 1984
Can't even play the campaign, I keep getting stuck on the loading screen.And same for muiltplayer and zombies.Thanks for letting me buy a♥♥♥♥♥♥game for a good game :/
it sadens me because i have been a long time fan of call of duty not that this game is bad i would just not recomend it to people with ok computers seeing as you wil literally get 10 fps like me, i love call of duty and am usually a playstation  player i am too poor to get the playstation 4 and so cannot afford a new computer. so sad many cry i still like the game but i cant play it :(
pretty average fps
Hello,just a heads up warning to all the people thinking about purchasing this game, do not buy it. This game is dead on arrival, the playerbase is so small. I played with my friend today and we couldn't even find a TDM match. For a triple A game like Call of Duty to come out and have a playerbase currently at 8k the day after launch is hilarious. They seriously need to step up their game and start marketing for the PC platform. To the people who keep defending this game and their purchase please wake up, I'm not saying this game is bad or anything its just sad that we pay the same amount for a game and we can't even try out different game modes such as ground war and such because of the population being so low.People pay 80 to 100$ for half the experience and the community makes these experiences, sadly with this game there is no community.Honestly time to move on, COD on PC is dead.
21:9 support is broken in the campaign. Works fine in-game, but the pre-rendered cutscenes that tell 90% of the story are stretched 16:9 instead of pillarboxed 16:9. Ironically, it works perfectly on the first cutscenes and then is broken for the rest of the game.  If you are buying this game for the campaign and you have a 21:9 monitor, don't. It is unwatchable.
Never before have I felt so compelled to leave a negative review for a PC game such as this!!Firstly the only pro to this game is the fact you get the Modern Warfare Remastered (but that is it) aside from that you have Infinite Warfare which is totally inoperable, the game does not work. Period. Campaign mode: Freezes after the first cutscenes and fails to complete loading process (doesn't matter if you start the game in safe mode or not).Zombies mode: Returning from this game mode to the main menu freezes the game. Can only exit via task manager!?I'm sure I'm yet to find more bugs and glitches ...
My reason for refunding, copy n pastewhere should i start, i couldn't change options within the game, it crashed, when i tried change from monitor 2 to 1, the game crashed, when i turned off v sync, it crashed when i went from multiplayer to main menu, it crashed, would not connect to lobby when attempting to join a game, after 33 minutes finally after changing just about every setting and removing my AVG antivirus it worked, it allowed me into a game, at which point i stopped playing because i thought to myself, whats the point, why am i jumping through hoops for such a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game.... this game is terribly optimized and i just can no longer justify the 80 euros it cost, its an absolute pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it is a shame that it is endorsed as a big game, also with the remastered, dedi servers with match making is a no,no. the games maps are made for teams up to 32 people to make the maps width and lengths work, 6v6 and sometime 3v3's do no work at all.... disappointing at the very very best, yet its still better than the ball of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is infinite warfare, I've bought just about every cod, i said i wouldn't buy this game but i literally won the money on a horse, and its still not worth it, this game was free to me and i cant be arsed dealing with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimizations and development from a team who couldn't give two shites about what i want from a game. this is a poor poor representation of a triple A game and its definitely time i take a step back from the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they're pumping out. As above my issue isn't listed, because there was simply too many
most of matches cant be filled, this is on the 5th, 1 day after launch
This is my first Call of Duty game that I buy, but I played some previous CODs. THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN.Pros:- Very interesting story, I got hooked up till 2 am when I finished it.- COD IW is extremely different from the other COD games. Now we got to fly our Space Fighter around 30% of our time doing the campaign. I understand that some people will not like this cuz they want "boots on the ground", but I find the space combat very fluid and intense, so it is an upside for me.- Each weapon, lethal weapon, utilities, and Jackall loadout are very different. There's not a single weapon that's useless,  each weapon is very good at a specific situation. - More freedom of progressing (can choose which mission u wanna do first).- Top notch Cinematics, and (could be considered) good graphics. - Challenging enemy AIs.Meh:- Side missions are a little bit too repetitive, but at least I don't find them boring.- Some FPS instability (but I don't blame activition for this, it might be my computer's fault)- Ending is alittle bit unsatisfying. Cons:- I encountered a mission bug where I cant progress through a mission because a NPC is stuck (it just stands there). I have to redo the mission and thankfully I can progress after that. - There are some sound glitches where it breaks and gets static after long hours of playing. EDIT:I now rate it to a not recommended game, since multiplayer is broken, and no anti-cheat. The zombie land is decent, but it's not beginner friendly like me.  Verdict is 5/10, buy at sale.
games sucks nothing but lag and hackers.
Liars
I thank Gaben for refunds.
I've played every single COD since the original release on PC. IW is probably right up there with COD Ghosts on my worst game list. The control settings aren't great. Trying to get the right mouse sensitivity settings alone made me want to uninstall. Loading time takes forever. I think they did that on purpose so people can't get refunds for time played of 2_ hours. Shady. The game really doesn't impress me. Were I not getting this refunded, It would be collecting digital dust in my collection with Ghosts and Advanced Warfare, Modern Warfare remastered is simply a graphical update. The only reason to pay the bucks to get it is for the lack of players in the original MW. Overall, I won't recommend this game to any of my friends. I'm about to buy either Battlefield 1 or Titanfall 2. Or maybe just play Overwatch. So disappointed with this game. Big thumbs down. Call of Duty is finished.
I've played every single COD since the original release on PC. IW is probably right up there with COD Ghosts on my worst game list. The control settings aren't great. Trying to get the right mouse sensitivity settings alone made me want to uninstall. Loading time takes forever. I think they did that on purpose so people can't get refunds for time played of 2_ hours. Shady. The game really doesn't impress me. Were I not getting this refunded, It would be collecting digital dust in my collection with Ghosts and Advanced Warfare, Modern Warfare remastered is simply a graphical update. The only reason to pay the bucks to get it is for the lack of players in the original MW. Overall, I won't recommend this game to any of my friends. I'm about to buy either Battlefield 1 or Titanfall 2. Or maybe just play Overwatch. So disappointed with this game. Big thumbs down. Call of Duty is finished.
This years CoD offering is money better spent on two games I'm enjoying much more right now,   Titanfall 2 and BF1.The whole thing just feels lacking compared to last years Blops 3.Review to come when I'm done.
very disappointed, i think its my 1st review for a game. normally i dont write anything if i like it or not but this time im really disappointed that i actually want to voice my thoughts. i played it and its boring, I prefer to play warface, witch is like a tittle i didnt even heard off sense last week and enjoy more then this. and its free to play WHAT realy i spend $60 for COD infinite warface. I want my money back.
This game Just plain sucks!
Only played campaign and i do not recommened this game if not on sale.Pros:- Graphics is very deatailed on Ultra and runs smooth even on a single 980 (120 fps)- Actor voice is welldone- Story was kinda ok...- Loading to next area did go fast, only few sec.Cons:- Does not feel like a COD game at all, feels more like future of star wars mix of doom game except the monsters.- You sit in a cockpit 75% of the time shooting and have not a clue what you are shooting at or what u gonna do next.- FPS locked at 125 FPS and 30 FPS caps on cutscenes really?? video caplocks you get screenteering on cutscenes but not on actual game play.- It is very hard to see who is your enemy or civilan with makes you need shoot everything you see and of course a civilian die and u need restart from your last save point.- Is this a transformers or a COD game??- Tons of bugs- Your teams stupidy.. if u run to enemy they will follow you and die in the crossfire and u fail mission.- the AL on enemys.. sometimes they just run to cover if you are not shooting, as soon u shoot they come out and run past you and aiming at a wall.....- there is more but dont wanna spoil everything.Tested on 5820 @ 4.5Ghz with MSI gaming 980. Also tested on 7900 with Titan X (Pascal) but that didint help much on performance because of the FPS lock.
This is by far the worst entry in the CoD franchise. The gameplay feels sluggish and the multiplayer has pay to win micro transactions.The space setting just does not work and especially in multiplayer is just horrible. The maps are a giant clusterfart as well.I quite enjoyed previous CoD games but this one i recommend you avoid at all cost. I consider it my second worst purchase of 2016, only no man's crappy lie was a bigger disappointment.
worst cod ever
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!
I want to be able say this game is fun or not, but I can't find a match to save my life. It's been a while since I've come back to the PC community for CoD, however, it's Cod! I shouldn't be sitting for several minutes waiting for a match to be put together. Not on release day. My internet works just fine with Battlefield 1, so I think it's safe to say it's not latency issues. Oh, and my rig is just fine (RX 480 gphx card; Battlefield 1 on Ultra no problem).I'm going to give this a "Not Recommended" until issue(s) are resolved, which I hope is soon!
♥♥♥♥ this game ♥♥♥♥ infinite ♥♥♥♥ the whole universe
Poorly optimized.
its a ok game just does not feel like a cod
Please dont buy this game. My specs are a nvidia gtx 960, core i7, and 16 gb of RAM. i cant load a mp game or campaign! The only thing that does work is the uninstall button....
Zombies is a must play. Most fun I had in the game.Multiplayer is same as usual. The new stuff doesn't really change the gameplay.Overall it's okay I guess.
Can't say I was a fan, Refunded withing 2hours of first launching..
Wow. I am shocked that Infinity Ward and Activision would release this game in the terrible state it's in. The game is constantly crashing or freezing. It took me 2 hours before i finally got into a match because it kept freezing whenever it wanted to load into another screen. But of course it crashes just seconds into the match once i finally get in. Also the framerate seems to be extremely unstable and dropping reghularly. I'm running a i7 3820 with 2 GTX 980 tis and 16GB RAM so it shouldnt be an issue with my hardware. I also tried disabling SLI. Didnt work. I tried adjusting settings (resolution, texture). Nothing. I even went as far as turning off my anti-virus. Nope. This release is absolute garbage. IW and Activision should be ashamed. Im surprised STEAM would sell such a terrible product. DO NOT BUY!!!
This is one of those games where on the PS4 / Xbox 1 I would probably be a pretty good game. It is your standard yearly edition of COD with new maps and weapons. Nothing really new to see here. The main problem is that it's clearly not optimized for the PC. If you're going to get it, get it for the console.
So I bought Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Digital Deluxe Edition because I'm a fan of the series but I have spent 2 days trying to get the game to even let my change 1 of the settings! I have yet to get into the game so I'm going to reinstall it and try all this again... not happy I was so happy for the realase but I CAN'T EVEN PLAY A SINGLE MATCH!!!!    •Going to Previse Menus    •Changing ANY setting    •Being in the menu to long    •Going a public game    •Everytime I join a lobby I get "Lobby Closed" error    •Doesn't default to the right monitor    •Background goes black    •Fullscreen mode doesn't work    •If you put it in compatibility mode for "Windows 8" you can switch settings.    •I get to listen to background music long the game is crashing
Is it as bad as they said? Oh yes, it is. Clunky movement.Graphics from a better indie game.Movement is somehow broken. Input lag I think, but I can't really put my finger on it.Really, don't buy this. It's what we all feared it to be. It's not fun.
Battlefield Won...There are a lot of problems with COD infinite warfare... however It's not the worst game in existence like a lot of people are making it out to be, and I don't think it is either, but it's just... not a good game, compared to BF1, TF2, and the older CoD's it's not worth your hard earned money over BF1 or TF2, if you have both BF1 and TF2 and are not excited for any other games coming out this year OR next year, go ahead, it's your money not mine :)Onto the reasons I do not like the game, let's see here, oh, just about everything, but the Campaign...CAMPAIGN- Good voice acting- Great animations, as always.- Story is linear, yes, but what do you expect from a CoD?- Story is somewhat decent, better than BO3 and Ghosts, but I liked Advanced Warfare a lot more.- Michael BAAAA-*KABOOM*MULTIPLAYER- Terrible amount of health, I didn't like Black Ops 3 multiplayer but I would rather play that then this.- Clunky movement- Guns that feel like they are for noobs, guns that shoot in a wide spray, miniguns, invisibility(though not as big of a complaint, can see it really easily.)- Even lower K/D time.- Dead On Arrival DOA on PC, remember this is a PC review, not an XONE or PS4 review.- No matches other then TDM unless it's the extremely popular time of day.ZOMBIES, I can't judge this one to it's full extent, you can really only judge a zombies mode or game once all of the DLC have released, but these are my current thoughts.- The zombies feel like they have more health... or just something feels off, it's like I am not damaging them as much as it felt like I was in treyarch zombies, with their body parts falling off and normal gun sounds instead of LAZOR's. (exageration on the lazor's, even the normal gun sounds feel like I am not damaging them.)- The 1980's theme works with the LAZOR's but I feel like they should've kept it original with WW1 / WW2 theme from treyarch.- The afterlife mode in co-op is very cool in my personal opinion... neat idea to let the players keep playing the game instead of spectating, very well done infinity ward.- There are a few new perks, like banana cola-I mean Trailer Blazers, and Slappy Taffy and Quickies... very fun perks to play with!- Story for the zombies mode a lot of people don't like but i think it's actually pretty cool.- Much harder then BO3, which was insanely easy... I love the difficulty, especially no perkaholics, YESSSSSS.- No Monkeys (actual monkeys)- No MP40_____________________________________________________________Here's the thing, if you are looking for a good casual game, then get Titanfall 2, it's campaign is the best campaign I have played on PC since Half Life 2, and the best campaign I have played since Halo 3 on Xbox 360... Halo 3 being my favorite campaign of all time with Half Life 2 being right below that then Titanfall 2.The multiplayer for Titanfall 2 isn't hyped up for some reason, but, It is the MOST fun I have had since 2012... all the future DLC is completely free, all the skins are earned, no microtransactions.So, if you are looking for a more serious game, get Battlefield 1, if you are looking for a game almost as casual as Call of Duty get Titanfall 2, if you want a co-op mode get Killing Floor 2, if you are looking for a super duper omega supreme serious game get Arma 3 or SQUAD, they require insane amounts of coordination... to the point that I don't like them too much, PERSONAL opinion, they are good games for people who like those games.Now I really, REALLY believed in this game, not since BO2 have I been this hyped for a CoD,  I have what, 299 or so hours on BO3... so please don't go saying that I am a BF or TF fanboy :-/If you are into CoD simply SIMPLY for the campaign, then this is a must have CoD, but if you are looking at the WHOLE package like I am (Campaign, Multiplayer, Zombies) this is NOT the game for you... especially with the multiplayer... I would highly recommend getting Titanfall 2 for the campaign it has though... and the multiplayer, and the free content and, okay, you understand.TL;DRGet Titanfall 2 if you want a casual experience like CoD, fast paced fun amazingnessGet Battlefield 1 if you want a more serious (not serious, just more serious) campaign / multiplayer.Get Killing Floor 2 if you want a game that you purely want for co-op.Get Arma 3 or SQUAD if you want extremely serious coordination based games.Get Infinite Warfare if you want to waste your money on a decent campaign, a terrible multiplayer, and a sad zombies mode.Now, I am going to edit this review once the game gets patched, and the DLC comes out... RIGHT now I am gonna, go back to playing Titanfall 2 or BO3 or BF1 or something like that.... yeahhhhhhh
first review: really not as bad as everyone says it is. personal opinion i guess? but i love both games.Edit: Game is garbage...
Cancer. No time to react to someone shooting you. Jetpacking boost♥♥♥♥♥♥is cancer, Modern Warfare Remastered is the way to go as you actually have time to process and there's no ♥♥♥♥ing jetpacks! ♥♥♥♥ing cancer. Campaign is amazing though.
I went into the hell of cod with no expectations and i still get disappointed. Wish i could refund but i got it for free :(
I tried coming into this game with an open mind, ignoring all the dislikes on youtube videos and troll comments everywhere, but in the end I guess it is all true. COD really does suck. There are so many other shooters to put your time and money into.The multiplayer just seems like a random ♥♥♥♥ fest of people running around, jumping everywhere and spawning behind you.The Zombies mode has a really cool astethic, but I havent played zombies since the original Black Ops so I am completely lost on how the new zombies works and the game dosent really tell you what to do.  The COD 4 remaster is currently a terrible port. You cant even change mouse sensitivity. The game lags for like 30 seconds everytime you play on a new map, then smooths out.  It just feels like a clunky mess. Maybe ill go repurchase COD 4 remaster on its own if they ever release a standalone, but for $80 for IW and the Remaster I think it is not worth it.
Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥
battlefield is way better
Infinite warfare is okay, mw remastered movement feels smooth and looks goodboth infinite warfare and mw remastered full of bugs and missing some important featurestime to kill in mw remastered is way too fast, never seen anything like it and I've played every codBoth games have elements of fun but are completely let down overall by sloppy coding
IW sucks super low pop, MWR is amazing but low pop. Cod is dying and they decide to divide it up more, what a great idea. Do not buy if you want to play $80 for MWR.
I am very unhappy with what Call of Duty has become. It is no longer a classic shooter game. They have added spaceships that you can fly as well as the enemy is very confusing within the campaign. I find myself often pulling the trigger on friendly enemies which does not kill them but it is just sad in my mind.I would say the only reason you should buy this game is to get COD: REMASTERED if you want a excellent revamp of a great game if you don't own it already.
Bought the game to get MWR and to write a bad review for this game.. so here it is..
Game sucks waste of money!!!!
Call of Duty: Infinite Loadingscreen10/10Would wait again.
Main story is great so far.Multiplayer seems very barebonend, lack of hero's to pick gives out a vibe of lazyness.
I have a problem that i cant seem to fix, everytime i start a multiplayer game the lobby fills up then it closes it.next, after the opening cut scene in zombies i just get a black screen. Last of all whenever i try to change any video settings the game freezes.(before i get yelled at to update my drivers i have, i have been looking for a fix the only thing i found was some people saying that avg blocks a part of the game and disable it before you start that game. I think this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea but i tried it and it didnt help. if anyone has any ideas please help
Okay, I'm not one for reviews. Hell, I play games simply for fun but... christ all ♥♥♥♥ing mighty, is this a mess.First off, I'm not gonna say the obvious "I'm a CoD Fan and this is just absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, it's old, it's not relevant, if you wanna read that, go to the next review. What I am going to say is this however;THIS GAME HAS LOADING TIMES AND LOADING BUGS!Seriously, I'm used to crappy releases by now. With Total War Rome II, I've been a regular to this issue when I buy a game day 1 due to it being part of a franchise that I love. However, This game... this game is a whole different story let me tell you that. Honestly, I don't remember when the last time was that I played a CoD game. I still have a CoD Ghost copy on my shelf somewhere for my PS4 which has been gathering dust over the past four years.But that's not really important. The load times in this game, are heinous at best. Every single mode, the same ♥♥♥♥ing story. From the few minutes that I've played this game(And I openly admit that it's been only minutes), I have seen only two of the actual game. The rest have been LOADING SCREENS FROM HELL!Seriously, I'm not running a weak♥♥♥♥♥system with bare-minimum specs. I'm running high-end, GTX1080, 32GB Ram, last-gen i7, everything necessary to play the newest games on the highest settings possible and still get max frames constantly. I've seen so little of this game, I'm not even going to include it in the review. All I'm gonna say is, I made a judgement call between BF1 and CoDIW... I called wrong, and I'm going to change that immediately.
trash
Nothing will load that requires internet when all my stuff are fine fix the game
Here are my overall thoughts on everything as I have played every mode. CoD IW MP: Good, but plays it safe. Very similar to Black Ops 3. Personally, I liked it, but I understand those that don't. CoD IW SP: So far, pretty good. CoD IW Zombies: Mediocre, no real depth. Take it or leave it, it's a single map that will most likely have the mode expanded.Performance is better than Black Ops 3, but there is a stutter prevalent in MWR that affects the playability of the first 5-10 seconds of a multiplayer match. Overall a good game, but not revolutionary in any way. Plays safe and plays it well.EDIT: After the recent addition of supply drop weapons and the possibility of supply drop variants for scorestreaks, I cannot recommend this game.
Didnt know it was possible but its a worse version of bo3.
played 26 minutes and had these little freezez hapening evry 30 seconds refund
well.. this is my first refunded game.  Garbage.
Review for infinite warfare , have a stupid bug about memory , amd trying to fix it ! ....Just a sci-fi fps , not bat at all campaing ...Multiplayer , is a joke about 12 players , 6vs6 ... CONSOLE PORTi bought for COD 4 remastered !Review for COD 4 remastered !It's not COD 4 remastered is a call of duty modern warfare 2/black ops mod to call of duty 4 now practiacally why i bought because i had in mind to play the old cod 4 multi and when we go to speak about cod 4 multy we speak for 64-32 players where is this ? where ? where , only 12 players at team deathmach 6vs6 !I am very disapoint abou you COD series you have f@...ed up everything (console ports), give back the fun of real cod 4 !and 40+ gb you have been so high you didn't even see the screen when you make it !The first was 10 gb I do not recommend anymore COD series , it was the last chance from me , you are free to close the store !
Not too bad though playing mutiplayer no real difference from black ops 3.. what can i say its COD nothing new, looks and feels the same. If your a fan you know what your getting, At least you got the re master ;) if you have a choice between this and titanfall 2, go for that instead as it feels a better game though titanfall 2 is a one weapon game right now.As this moment cant recommend just because it could of been a black ops 3 dlc and been cheaper..
Not too bad though playing mutiplayer no real difference from black ops 3.. what can i say its COD nothing new, looks and feels the same. If your a fan you know what your getting, At least you got the re master ;) if you have a choice between this and titanfall 2, go for that instead as it feels a better game though titanfall 2 is a one weapon game right now.As this moment cant recommend just because it could of been a black ops 3 dlc and been cheaper..
In terms of content I knew what to expect. No offline zombies, no offline bots, hardly any multiplayer modes to choose from, and then single-player, but with that said I was looking forward to a solo game of zombies. But... there's latency on everything! Every bullet takes 1 second to register on zombies and it's the same for all your use actions like buying guns from tables/walls etc. Why is this when I'm the host and it's a solo game?! The mouse response is also horrifc with a slight delay when looking around. I can't get a refund because the game was a boxed retail purchase :S
This is a releaseday comment. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing mess. The game has crashed 3 times out of 3, and I haven't even played an online match yet. 1 crash during custom game when I wanted to et a feel for the controlls, and then twice changing graphical settings. What the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with the people on IW? This is unacceptable. Let's se how this turns out, but I haven't even played the game and I'm in a bad mood already.
pretty poor console port, no wonder we never got beta access.To quote Doctor Monty"Its a Facking ♥♥♥♥♥how"
The game is well designed, but this game was dead before it started, and this game has more issues than Battlefield 4 in beta. Was told a patch was coming in less than a week to fix these issues, and here we are. Even bought it for MWR, 15 people online. What a joke, can't get refund because I played zombies since there was supposed to be 2xp, but once again I was lied to, do yourselves a favor and just buy this on console, absolute junk on here.
This game is absolutely terrible. I am an exlcusive Multiplayer only and didn't try the single player campaign in my attempted play so it could be fine.I'm a left handed gamer and so mapped the movement controls to the right side of the keyboard, to the arrows. This game does not work with arrows full stop. For a start, you can only move forwards and left/right at the same time if you are sprinting. So when you stop sprinting to aim whilst still moving forward, you are then locked from going left or right. I tried it with WASD and that works fine. Likewise in BF1 my arrows work fine so it's not those.Second of all, this doesn't properly support 21:9. Okay many games don't but in this game, the text (chat etc.) looks horrific. Almost as if the text was at 800x400 but everything else is fine. Having played BF1 and TF2 recently I know that my PC can very easily handle Ultra settings yet this gameplay still looked shocking.Oh and sensitivity is off the scale. If you set your mouse sensitivity low, if you quickly move it to aim at someone it jumps at fricken light speed and of course you over aim, but then that mechanic vanishes entirely once you're aiming. Appauling launch - I will be seeking a refund
Poorly optimized for both IW and MWR, also it takes forever to get into a lobby for IW so about 1 of my 3 hours played is waiting, zombies is fun but nothing amazing about it that i have seen, i would buy MWR and zombies seperately but untill that day lets hope i can get a refund with 3 hours on this game
Hands down worst Call of Duty ever made.
10/10 would mouse accel again!
Wanted to give COD another chance, got the game with MW Remastered version, cant get it to work just crashes or freezes, disconets me from the MP lobby, I get black screen and there is every thing wrong that could be wrong with a game, they forced Infinite warfare when I only wanted MW Remastered, charged more money and the blody thing doesnt even work, I have way above average specs, so dont really see how thats my fault especially that lots of other people have the same problem.What was the whole point of the pre purchase to rip people off I guess, I hope they fix this mess but they can count one less customer when they relase another pile of crap under COD name.
Runs poorly on a 1070
cant even start up modern warfare remastered, this is such trash, if you are thinking about buying this game, just dont.
game says 91 frames per second but in reality its like 10 frames per second.....................please fix yo♥♥♥♥♥
Couldn't actually play the game, would remove me from lobbies when trying to join a multiplayer game and would not load zombies or campaign. Refunded
worst cod ever
No, just and simply no.At the moment the worst game in the CoD series. And Infinite Warfare achieves this without technical problems (crashes, lags or similiar). The game is just plain bad.Why?I played the campaign for about an hour and I was bored and confues from the beginning. The game completely lost it's identity. Without the Call of Duty title on the box it could be any other game. The first missions (will do without spilers) feels like Titanfall. Sliding, MECH's and outer space.The the parade, looks like a very cheap Star Wars ripoff. The scene in the office felt like Mass Effect but without any deeper meanigs and had no sense in it self (which soldier is allowed to wear full equipment in the the united nations building when he should be attending a meeting?The the mission. Boom here, bang there chaos everywhere and I? I was yawning. Everything was simply boring and predicable. Of course linear level design, but when you already know that this path you see will soon be blocked by something then it's just sad. Then a ship gets hit and you know that it will come onto you. There's just no other option.But my highlight so far is the bloody screen. With about 120GB Data (including MW Remastered) I thought that there would be some HiRes textures or so on, but no. Some are higher textured others are just awful (take a look at handles) The bloody screen is a 1:1 exact copy from Call Of Duty 4 Modern Warfare from 2007! Then there are some movements directly ripped from other CoD titles. You remeber the cutscene from Ghosts that was ripped out of MW2? It's not that obvious here, but there is ascene where a wounded solider is thrown onto a desk. Also a 1:1 copy from Modern Warfare 3 with Soap and Roach.Sorry, but 70€ only to get a remastered version of a 6 yeras old game and getting this crap "included" is just awful. This is no CoD, this is sh*t. If yu want to do yourself a favor buy CoD4, CoD MW2, Black Ops or maybe Black Ops 2.
THIS GAME GETS WORSE AND WORSE (STICK WITH BO3)Pros- -Modern Warfare Remaster-Zombies is Fun-Boots on the ground option (Private Match)Cons--a little glitchy because new release- models are not as clean as BO3-Maps are not well layed out-basically everything
Doesn't run.  "Input No Support" error message from someone not in English speaking country.
I just wanted it to be good so bad, it seemed like a great idea but the fps and proformance issues were a bit too annoying for me to enjoy this game, i loved the other cods except ghosts and advanced warfare and not winfinite warfare too, :( am sad
10/10 would pay £45 for MWR againUpdate for IW fixed frame drop issues.UPDATE: IW IS SHOCKING, DONT BUY THIS GAME. buy MWR when it goes standalone or you get legacy for cheap.
I have been playing every single call of duty title on PC since COD4 but I can say that this game is the worst PC game/port I have ever played. The menu barely works (full of stuttering and FPS drops). Running the game at 1080p is impossible even with the graphics turned down. The game is a stuttering slideshow. I can play games at 4K max like Battlefield 1 no problem but this game I will say is even worse than the new batman game. The ONLY reason I am not refunding this game is because I enjoy playing call of duty 4 remastered as it runs ok. Yes I have the latest NVIDIA drivers and i have 2 GTX 980TIs running in SLI with a i7 4770k. I have never played such a terrible game (I say played but i barely played it) game will go to 0/1fps at 4k and is a stuttering mess at 1080p and pauses every 2 seconds and its unplayable. I dont post reviews like this but I cannot believe it was released like this.
Another bland title to the overmined Call of Duty franchise. If this game was released under an entirely different title and name, maybe we wouldn't be so disappointed, but it all just boils down to overused concepts and ignorance from the devs about the player base. Being an old Call of Duty fan from the World at War era, I decided to peek back into the franchise and I now understand the frustration that everyone shares about the raw ignorance from the devs to the playerbase. It's saddenning to think that the companies consider the player base as a resource for income rather than a source of information to create a better game crafted for a better more innovative gameplay experience. I've hit 3 hours on the game, so it may be too late for a refund, but I'm hoping my request goes through. Rest assured, I will not be coming back to the CoD franchise(if it still exists after repeats of these fiascos) for a long while. 0/10 - Overmined, Overused, Over the hill.
Just before I start this...I do have a 980ti running.The port for this game is really bad (REALLY BAD)!I can't even play at times because of how much it frezzes.There is a ton of MASSIVE frame drops for no reason! Even on low settings!Even the whole menu frezzes for a while when I click on anything!Waste of my money :(
I changed my mind.Please, ♥♥♥♥ you Activision.
no way to use a special if you're using a controller
This came sucks!! I've not been able to play it yet. Game crashes , freezes , unplayable.
holy♥♥♥♥♥♥... ♥♥♥♥♥iest COD game ever made. its just.. just... just sooo bad! Refund up next!
this is one of the worst game's i've played so far... at least as multiplayer... many are lagging, it's not balanced at all.. the system is bad.. just don't buy it on PC!! it's a fully console game aswell as the remastered!
I have an i7 6700K CPU and an Asus 980ti Strix OC GPU. This game runs like absolute crap. Capped at 91fps but that doesn't really matter since it normally runs around 45fps.  Stutters constantly. The COD 4 Remaster is the same exact way. At this point in time the multiplayer on both games is unplayable. Cons:1. Currently unplayble do to stuttering2. No combat record3. Menus are not as nice as Black Ops III4. Very little number of weapons. There are only 5 assualt weapons . Matter of fact each class has a max of 5 weapons for like 20 weapons total.5. Can not customize emblems right know as for some reason they have it locked at releaseIf you showed me video if this game being played I would think it was Black Ops III being played on DLC maps.
This is the most thorough waste of time in my life. I have 157 games in my Steam library, and if I could delete one and never hear of it again, this would be it.As a game it does not work. Sure the technical achievements like animation, sound design, production values are all there, but this game fails to grab my attention for even 5 minutes. Titanfall 2 does it right. This my friends, should not be recommended to others.
i take my review back, this is the end of call of duty. there is no player base, it is poorly ported, and worst of all, modern warfare remastered is garbage. the frame rate in mwr is awful at best. i have a good cpu and gpu but it still lags and tears. i FUXING quit. Im done with these self apointed prophets of war and their♥♥♥♥♥♥titles.
garbage
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
lmao @ activision you call this a game? GGWP
I was excited for this game, but nope, I can load in the menu and what not, i can wait in lobby, but I'm not able to even get into a game. It stays at Match Started. Loading Level..... For christ sake it doesn't take 15 minutes to load a level. There's so many bugs and glitches in the loading screen, and trying to change your settings freezes the GAME! I have almost an hour of gameplay that has been only to be stuck in lobby and not be able to play a single damn thing. I want a refund!
LAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Tl;dr: 5/10 wait for some patches to come out and give them a chance to fix it. Not worth your money at this point in timeOk so I gave every node a fair go (aside from MWR. Gotta try that today)The single player soo far: Pretty good to be honest. Visually it's actually pretty ♥♥♥♥ing sexy. it doesn't feel like you're just going from mission to mission with a little story added on each time to show progression, it introduces a whole range of characters by the first two missions allowing you to immediately go: ok I know the story and where's it's meant to head. Basically for a COD game the campaign feels out of place as they did a way better job then all the others as of yet (they still have their moments close to "press F to pay respects". Multiplayer: this could be just because it was day 1 launch, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it was bugged, I had quite a few problems with textures the whole thing seemed laggy whilst having stable connection. Health on each character feels like it changes each spawn as some feel like they need a whole magazine where as others need 4 shots.THE SPAWNS! Oh my god the spawns are terrible. Every time you kill someone they're about 80% likely to respawn behind you. The other 20% is that they're around the corner instead.Again not sure because of its because of Day 1 but also incredibly hard to get into any game mode, only one I had success with with was TDM and even there it still took atleast a minute.CRATES. ♥♥♥♥ CRATES SOO MUCH. That whole system basically made this pay to win. If you have the season pass you get extra♥♥♥♥♥♥JUST for daily logins. Pretty much if you pay more you're going to get everything straight away while those starting out are destined to bottom drag each game because they can't stand a chanceZombies; well I can safely say that it's no way near as confusing as BO3 zombies. That being said it's still pretty confusing. The aethstetic is amazing I love it. Not sure if it was because of the host but the game had lag. The boss zombie that shoots lasers seems a little too overpowered considering the speed it has. I'm not much of a fan of the whole card and collectors thing though.Biggest problem I have with it though though is that when you die instead of just spectating the others you go into an arcade room and you have to keep getting points in arcade games within that room in order to respawn.
This is the first CoD I have bought since MW3. I was dissapointed.Too many cutscenes, too long loading times and Copy and Paste I can get even from as far back as MW1.Only good side is MW Remastered.
Well first of all the loading times for Remastered for me are like 5 mins... I need help please :(
Pay2win in a game that may as well be charging $100 for the full game? Yeah. No thanks. Not even the remaster of CoD 4 make's it worth it. Good thing Steam refunds exist.
MWR must be the most optimized port for PC. It's not "just my pc". 16gb ram, i7 4790k, gtx 970. Check reddit and the discussion tab under steam and you'll see enough people complaining. Im refunding this game since I can't even play the game with stable FPS.
peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥ where my snd mod.
Don't waste your mmoney on any cod game
IW just doesn't work. Constant freeze/crash. Same for Zombies. Sat through an incredibly long cartoon cutscreen that i couldn't escape from only to freeze up and crash.For the record, i have an i7-4770k processor and a 680 4gig video card. I play Bo3 with this on ultra with no issues.Remastered actually worked fine. Not sure why the two areas of the game are so incredibly different.Oh, and i couldn't even start a private match in IW, as it would sit forever trying to launch the match.Refunded. First call of duty product to get returned by me.Sad, really, as i enjoy their products. I guess you can tell that this game didn't have a beta for pc players. Maybe in the months ahead they will fix some issues. Until then, save your money and your sanity.
Tried every game type... game wouldnt load a single map, or let me change graphic settings.... going to get a refund very quickly
i over paid
It is now several years that Activision produces the usual♥♥♥♥♥♥this time we have fallen but will 'last title activision.Do less to spend this money so soon there will also be the cheater
The game is a waste of time and money, the reason they remaster so many games and maps is because they can't make any decent new ones. Giant pile of♥♥♥♥♥
Save yourself the money and dont buy this garbage game.
I did enjoy IW for a short while but...Not only is IW pretty much dead on PC , so is MW Remastered + in MWR They are adding stuff which wasnt in the original MW game - I hear now that they are planning to release MWR by itsself...So all of us (which must be most of us) bought Infinite Warfare to get MWR, now we are told in a few months we can buy MWR by itself... Nice waste of £60....
Call of Duty: Infinite Loadfare
Edit : Lack of PC support and Anticheat made this game horrid it was promising at first. :/This game received a lot of hate and all i can think of is a child saying they don't want or like something even though they havent tried it yet and once you push them and they finally do they end up feeling stupid and love it. This game is alot of fun the weapons, characters, and maps look excellent and you can tell they put alot of work into it. The gameplay is a mixture of mw2 and black ops 3 and overall has some interesting concepts. I personally love the game and i think you should try it with an open mind.
From Malaysia,Queued for 30 minutes in a team deathmatch lobby and there's only like 2 people joined..
clunky no server browser no ping nor way to see connection horrible lag comp and the best thing of all is low pop you play the same 20 poeple over and over
So new COD excited to play start the game and stuck on loading screen in the first singel player mission. NO Infinity Ward NO
ez refund LUL
futuristic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
some day ago i said to myself look BO3 have a split-screen optionit's really fun to play with a friend on the same Pc at home oh look at that they put mods on steam i'm happy to play custom maps created by other playerwhat i great time to be alive having the two most wanted thing we need in a COD but Infinite warfare doesn't have mods or a splitscreen option neither does MW1 (but i wasn't expecting one on this one ) every time i say stop buying it but this time you had everything to give us what we need but didn't do it i tought you changed call of duty but you're like war
it crashes everytime i start the campain or multiplayer or zombies activision needs to release a patch and then maybe ill write a good review
Game runs poorly and multiplayer servers are a busted joke.
Well I bought this game early with the plans to play with a few of my friends on the remastered CoD 4 (MW)  but then we came across a problem that apparently was very common and caused us not to connect to matches simply because our PCs weren't monster PCs that streamers use. We could not load the maps and it would say there is a timeout from connecting to the server, he never got to play except on certain maps and the same with me but I could play on more maps, Infinite Warfare is a joke as well, the run of the mill "new" CoD game that has guns that look very similar to guns we've already had, and unbalanced game mechanics. This game is going to die out just like Advanced Warfare did because of the problem with Modern Warfare, you couldn't load maps if you were on PC. And to boot the bug itself won't be fixed because it has to do with the engine that both games use, they're the same one.
More like Call of Duty: The Clone Wars,Terrible Port and stutters like every 10 seconds, and basically the story is the same as always just in space as well as the servers being terrible, needs sorting
One of the worst PC optimise game out there. I'm running this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥on intel core i7-6700k, dual nvidia geforce gtx titan x with sli configuration enable at 4k settings but it will never give you the steady 60fps though the whole gameplay.♥♥♥♥♥♥can drop to as low as 42fps at certain action filled areas. I can overkill doom with crank up resolutions though nvidia dynamic super resolutions not a problem. And as for codiw?... haha no wonder they didn't want to release the beta version for the preorder Sorry I'm not a muliplayer/zombie fan can't do reviews for them, but I'm sure there will be plenty of review out there.But let's not end this review with all the complains from me. So what one postive thing about infinite warfare? Modern Warfare Remastered. You know what? from now on I'm just gonna tell myself I spend $99.90 on Modern Warfare Remastered just so to make myself less sad :')
Worst decision I've made this month. Best decision I've made this month? Getting a refund.
I wish I could play the game before reviewing, but since I can't even lower the settings without the game crashing on me, I don't even need to play the game.Don't buy until they release a patch were they actual try to make it playable on PC.
Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is so bad (almost matches Minecraft graphics tho!)... Bought it for the zombies and Mw remastered but I can't even get in a zombies game... Do not buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game!
Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is so bad (almost matches Minecraft graphics tho!)... Bought it for the zombies and Mw remastered but I can't even get in a zombies game... Do not buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game!
I really hate to write a negative review on a CoD title. However, I really cannot believe that they gave us this game in such a state: - no splitscreen! I mean come on already! There are people who would like to play with buddies on the couch! - Cartoonish zombie mode which takes the suspense out of everything - Lackluster weapons - Why can´t they just make a war game like they used to?That being said, it is nice to see that the hit detection actually works, and that the game is more controller friendly.  However, it is a shame that we cannot play this game with friends who happen to be in the same room.  I really don´t understand what the deal with that is.  The zombie mode is definitely different.  However one doesn´t get the same sense of urgency as one would when playing any of the maps that Treyarch has released. Multiplayer is ok.  It would have been nice though if they had kept in kill confirmed, which was a favorite of mine.I haven´t noticed anything wrong with the performance.  I have the game set on the highest settings and it runs smoothly.  I guess I am one of the lucky ones. Modern Warfare Remasterd brings back some nostalgia, but once again the lack of local multiplayer and online splitscreen play is a killer.  If IW adds local and splitscreen functionality and add more suspense laden zombie maps, then I would give the game 3 out of 4 stars.  However, as it is now I can only give it 1.5 - 2 at best.  While the game is playable and I am interested to see how what the story mode and future maps are like, I will keep the game.  Let´s see what happens in the future. Maybe I will end up changing my recommendation ;)
The dedication for the servers is more like: "Oh here is a potato." "Yeah shut work!"
Take these Microtransactions, and shove it up your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just shove real hard until you hear a crunch
Ghost's with exo♥♥♥♥♥♥and celebs to make a sale :) If you don't like CoD BLops 3 you will not like thisAnd Ghost And AW
Not sure what is going on with Infinite Warfare but I'm having all sorts of issues.Right off the bat the game started in windowed mode with no way to switch (unless I totally missed it) until you get in-game when you can finally pull up the options menu and change it. Also the game apparently did not detect my screen resolution at all since it started in 4K mode (and I def. don't have a 4k monitor, always play on 1920*1080).When I try to make any changes in the options menu, each time I mouse click on any sliders, the game kicks me to desktop, ♥♥♥♥s up all my desktop icons, and then switches back to the game, but no settings get changed. Apparently mouse clicking on any selections has no effect, you need to use the keyboard.Audio is fubar .. cut scene audio is barely there, can hardly follow a conversation, some NPCs have NO audio what so ever  (mostly in QTVs), while the character you are playing is barely audible at all times. All this while my in-game audio setting is all the way turned up.It's impossible to follow the story since I can't hear any of it.. very disappointing.Oh yea, and 30 mins into the game, it totally crashed and locked up my PC.No bueno
Well, here's another first-day refunder.I made the mistake of even giving this bunny-hop simulator a chance.Pros: Somewhat good graphicsCons: Thrust jumping, supply drops (ofcourse), a horrifying time-to-kill (too fast in most cases), mouse acceleration, an unchangeable fps cap, and the maps are garbage.Unless you are getting Modern Warfare Remastered, don't waste your money on this game.
I personally like this game. I really do. Its fun and i can imagine it being very popular... ON CONSOLE. The devs just dont support the pc port what so ever and for that reason, I don't imagine this game lasting very long on pc. And wether it was a personal issue or an actual issue with the game, i would frequently have major frame drops and the only way i was able to fix it was by turning all advanced visual options to normal as oppossed to leaving them on ultra which sucks because i want to see what the game looks like at its finest but i cant.. I imagine ill be getting this game on console but as of now, i am requesting a refund and i suggest anyone who has this game on pc, does the same. Until they start carring for their game on ALL ports, all i have to say is RIP COD on PC
Terrible pc portFPS Cap and mouse lag
It's Ashame to see Infinity Ward, the creator of the Cod franchise.  fail to deliver an even playable game.  As far as the remastered MW,  they aced that. But every time I try to play IW,  The game stutters to no end or freeze. You  Would think Developers would have learned from the failior of Arkham Knights release.  Now customers Are stouch with waiting for a patch Or getting a refund. Bottom line Activision will loose money for this.
the game is not optimized on pc alot of bugs the game doesnt go smothly the multi is pretty much crap the game is failing to find rooms the concept is just bad how ever the only thing in my mind that saves them abit is the zombies which is suprisingly well however also in zombies you cant find public rooms thats what happen when you do BETA for only PS4 and launch on pc aswelli think its the next no man sky
I really wanted to like the campaign, but unfortunately they decided to make the enemies bullet sponges. Mind you, the game isn't hard, but you do end up spending ages stuck behind cover slowly picking off enemies that don't die after 6 - 8 rounds. Even headshots require you to hit them in the head twice.This from a game with wall-running and double jump (that feels unbelievably clunky compared to titanfall 2), and you can't get out from behind cover at all.It's a real shame because from what I've seen so far, there could be a really great story here somewhere, but the combat is a complete turn-off.I haven't played the multiplayer yet, which I get is a big part of the reason anyone plays the game at all. I may update this review when I have played it, but for now based on the single player campaign I don't recommend this game at all.
Really bad.Refund.
♥♥♥♥ this game. Still not able to play online, COD has literally become the most cancerous game around.
Review of Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare-Sometimes it feels like an console port.-Stuttering on i7 4790 and gtx 1080 (did eventually get it to work better, read some of the guides)-The Call Of Duty community is already divided beetween console, but now also beetween pc, those that buy this game on steam, can only play with other that bought the game for steam, and windows store can only play with those that bought it on windows store. Hopefully this can be fixed.-Lag like hell-SMG are out of control-Hip-fire only, don't even bother to aim down sight when close and sometimes even close range.-Feels like you get better accuracy when jumping with SMG-♥♥♥♥♥♥ spawn, almost as bad as nuketown (on some of the gamemodes)-Kinda thinks it is boring that they used some of the same gun-models from MW2(not classic), MW3 and Ghost instead of complete new guns, or atleast a little bit more different than the predecessor.-Why is drone/care package first at level 51, feels like infinity ward is fighting care package, since Ghost made you do challenges to get one.-Chain-based movement system like BO3.Minor complain:-why no Danish flag, but Sweden got calling card, i want to show my flag to everyone i kill.But the game does not come with only bad things.(or atleast for me)-Rigs got more customization and more playstyles, sadly most players only use Warfight claw and Synaptic equalizer.-They also added traits to the rigs, which add more playstyles.-Some of the good old guns like the intervention, ump-45 and spas-15 for a little bit of nostalgia.-No matter what i do like the changes to the guns varient, that now i can get the weapon varient with salvage, and also get it from supply drops, and mission team levels, but they are determined-Mission team, for some extra challenges.-Perks feels the same like the predecessors. with some newer ones i havent seen yet.-More tactical grenades, to suit all play styles, same with lethal grenades.-Weapons that can start as an SMG, but can switch into an assault rifle, like they introduce in Ghost-Attachment we come to love.________________________________________________________________________________Ending note / closingCan i recomend this game?Sadly no, not at this stage of the game. This game need to be patched and weapon need to be balacen before i would recomend this game. If you really want a FPS right now i can recomend you to pick of Titanfall 2, with similar movement system like Infinite Warfare, just more polished, and a nobrainer if you want none of that futuristic movement, you can always pick up battlefield 1 if you not already have picked it up.I really hope that the next Call Of Duty game will not have chain-based movement system. Sadly i think it will be a sequel to Advanced Warfare, which i dont hate. But it would be nice if the next COD is boots on the ground.
First experience with COD Infinite WarfareCons-Stopped working twice while changing graphics settings-Froze twice for no reason-Joined three deathmatch lobbies only to close for no reason-Still can't find a single multiplayer game-Campaign freezes on loading screenPros-Opened a supply drop11/10 Best game would buy again
No controller support for dualshock 4, unlike Black Ops IIIFrames are capped at 91fps...Max FOV is extremely buggyGameplay is boring, micro-transactions are stupid and no zombies if I don't buy season pass?!
The campaign was one of the best Call of duty campaigns I ever played. It was long, (9 hours on Veteran), 40% of it was dogfigting in space and the characters were impactful. Felt very un-call of duty which I consider a good thing.However the multiplayer felt terrible, felt sluggish and downright awful compared to the other releases this year. Pack up and go play Titanfall 2 for all your multiplayer needs.
FPS skips for no reasonBeen playing COD from COD2, this game is terrible
Infinite Warfare? Might as well play Titanfall 2 with the Titan drop. Probably refund the game too. Only bought it for the COD4 Remastered. Not worth $100 for that old game.
***First Impressions***______________________________________________________Infinite Warfare:______________________________________________________Single Player Campaign- Typical call of duty campaign. Lots of set pieces with explosions, cool gadgets that you'll use for one or two scenes, british squad members that you're supposed to feel emotionally attached to but simply don't, and lots of shooting. There's nothing wrong with it, presentation is excellent and overall performance for the single player campaign feels solid. The only problem I had in terms of performance was right before each checkpoint I recieved a -10fps stutter for a split second. Multiplayer- Movement feels very smooth and weapons feel like they have more weight to them. Characters don't feel as light as they did in Black Ops 3. Health bars now appear above teammates/enemies. Weapons kill much faster than past call of duty games. Most guns can kill within 3 shots. Performance is "ok" but not great. It's locked at 90fps and has dips here and there but nothing significant. Zombies- A lot of fun, totally reworked from past zombie experiences in COD games. Animations have been redone, overall style has been changed up, the level itself is very interesting and fun to explore. One of the few things that I'm excited to actually return to. I also loved the addition of actual music tracks from the 80s that play on the theme park's loud speakers, very nice touch. PERFORMANCE BENCHMARK: _________________________________________________________________________Call of Duty 4: Remastered _________________________________________________________________________Single Player- Looks fantastic, runs great, and plays just like the original did. Cutscenes have been redone and look more modern with much better facial animations and overall presentation. Mutliplayer- A DISASTER. The multiplayer is beyond broken. Poor performance all around. FPS drops as low as 30fps with a high end machine. Not quite sure what's causing it, it happens both in online matches and with bots on all maps. Seems to be a major memory leak issue. Could potentially be fixed but currently is broken. Also, there's no server browser. It's all "matchmaking" and there's very few players online compared to the original COD4 back in 2007. PERFORMANCE BENCHMARK:___________________________________________Closing Remarks___________________________________________Do not buy this game (or the remaster) for multiplayer. The community is already weak and is going to die leaving you with a game you'll never play. The performance in COD4 remastered is unacceptable and performance for all modes in both games could use some work too. Graphics look "ok" when you take into account that it's a COD game, so don't expect anything groundbreaking, though the improvements to COD4 are great when compared to the original. Menus can be buggy, especially in Infinite Warfare when changing graphic settings, and loading into a multiplayer match in Infinite Warfare can take an unusually long time. If you love Call of Duty for the single player campaigns or are a die-hard fan of Zombies, then go ahead and buy this, but honestly... I'd recommend waiting 6 months until there's a sale. $80 is just too much for a game bundle that clearly wasn't finished.
Played it on Launch.1. Laggs as♥♥♥♥♥♥br>2. Toxic People all over the place (♥♥♥♥♥♥ Germans kids scream in their Mic @ 3am)3. Netcode is a joke 4. Spawn trapping as easy as it never was before5. If get hit u die instatly 6. Same♥♥♥♥♥♥as Ghosts u die in like 0.01 Sec (5)7. Pc Port Laggs is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (Non optimized)8. P2P Hosting???? I thought they provide Dedicated Servers.9. Farming Sim 17 has more Players than this♥♥♥♥♥♥br>10. I owned only Infinite Warefare. WHY IS THERE NO WAY TO UPGRADE TO THE LEGACY EDTION FOR LIKE 20€ TO GET MWR11. This is CoD Ghosts 212. UAV 24/7 (Wallhack) in Multiplayer No Hax needed.13.♥♥♥♥♥♥my♥♥♥♥♥♥Activison
bc itni tatti game hai yeh ,ilkul mazaa nahi aata lag sey hari padi hai ,bekaar pc port hai is game ka ,slutter hoti hai game,india sey khelna bekaar hai ,10 ghantey kheli meiney yeh game aur merko ilkul mazaa nahi aaya toh mey toh yeh game recommnd nahi karunga ,agar raven koi patch nikalti hai lag aur dps key liye to yeh game aot badiya ho sakti hai . xD
Only good in this game is Call of Duty 4 Remastered, but Cod4 remastered not have dedicated servers.Infinite Warfare is super bad copy of Black Ops 3. When u play Infinite Warfare is like u play Star Wars Battlefront lasers everywhere.
I really wanted to like this game, but I just couldnt get over how bad the game Feels.When the beta came out for BO3 I knew I was going to buy it even though it wasn't "boots on the ground" it felt like COD, it felt smooth and fun, I have about 400 hours on BO3I was one of the guys trying to make people see reason, that maybe a cod in space won't be as shty as people made it sound, calling it a Halo clone or something. Well I liked Halo, so what could go wrong. And that leads me to my point:If you can get past all the negative stuff people say about this game, then try it out. Game looks really great and I kind of wanted to play more than 2 hours (before possible refund) Game looked cool, but the feel of it was All wrong. It was clunky and everyone seemed so confused. Everyone's and I mean everyone's reaction time seemed very slow with some small exceptions. And it didnt feel like the players, everyone I talked to said it felt weird, and that stuff didn't respond like it should.Just so you know I was serious about wanting to like this game I got the Digital Deluxe version. But now I must request my refund. Game simply Isn't for me.Graphics:7.5/10Sound:8/10Weapons:8.5/10Gameplay:2/10Overall:4/10Verdict-You're better off getting TitanFall 2
Trust me when I say it would be better on console
same, same, feels weird and floaty. straf left and right some times doesn't work at all. will probably refund, not fun...i don't play often enought anymore, so AW and BO3 is much better for those few times I want to botheri'm sure some of this might get fixed in the coming weeks, but I can't wait that longalso, seems way too zoomed in with limited options choices...basically, in a nut shell, read the negative reviews and buy only if you're ok with most of them say. might just be my saltiness that the issue
refunded the game about 10 hours after I bought it... the game has♥♥♥♥♥♥framerates for nearly everyone, game stutters to much and mwr online doesn't even load half the time. the game is dead both mwr and iw struggle to get full lobbies if you're gonna buy it get it on console
Has potential but lack of Anti-Cheat and little to no patches for PC whata arent Console Ports has made the game not live up to its potential unfortunatley.
Really really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port for IW. MWR runs a lot better, but even then with as much nostalgia it brings its mechanics are the same as when it was released and the gameplay feels really dated. Graphically and mechanically IW doesn't hold a candle to today's AAA FPS titles. You can't even argue that this game is even in the same realm as Battlefield 1, Overwatch or even Titanfall 2, each of which have similar mechanics and set pieces they implemented in this game, but actually innovated and expanded upon. I feel that this series' run as a major competitor in the FPS genre is coming to a slow, painful conclusion.      MWR looks great when you compare the new to the old, but with how bad IW looks in comparison to other holiday releases, how it plays with the same mechanics they've been using since 2009, (other than taking a page out of Destiny and Titanfalls book when they made the poorly conceived jump into Sci-Fi) and the fact that they actually had the audacity to release a game completely unoptimized for the PC on par with the Mafia 3 release, there's almost 0 justification for the steep 80$ pricetag. When MWR is sold seperately and it will inevitably be after the reception this game is going to get hits Activision's doorstep, I would have to recommend picking up MWR as long as it's 20$. It's a graphical update, not a full on overhaul. Until they do, either save your dough or buy a game you'll spend more than two hours on before you decide it's time for your first ever refund. Activision should let this series die with some dignity.
cucked
First off I don't write reviews often if I do you know to take it seriously because it is either really good or really bad. You know I love COD it is a great franchise. That being said this was the first time I didnt really want to preorder yet out of misplaced optimism I did. This game is a POS. Slow and clunky as mentioned in another review. Like the mechanics remind me of Golden Eye for N64 its just slow and sluggish to say the least extremely disappointed. If it wasnt for my OCD that requires me to have every game in a franchise for every system I game on I would refund this in 2 seconds. I am gonna continue to play maybe it gets better. However I would not recommend it at this point. I have only played multiplayer and will update accordingly but for those people that give a review saying it is like COD for me this is nothing like COD this is a whole new level of garabage.
Do not purchase this game if you have not at least tried the beta. I went into this with open eyes, hoping I could take a liking to the new Call of Duty, but I was so wrong. The game stutters really bad for me, even with settings lowered, which is by choice. I thought that would help the game run better but it doesnt. I get constant frame drops on it as well. One minute im 80 frames or over, then boom im 15 frames out of nowhere. I also had a big problem getting it to go full screen to 1080.The spawning is even worse than the game stutter. Its like the enemy spawns right on your back, which I already expected since MOST COD's never had a good spawning system. My mouse points a different directionS when i go to kill an emeny as well.I did try some of the single player and liked that. The game is beutiful to me, but runs like a 80 year old grandma with the shakes.
Bought the game for MW:R, of course. IW SP starts off with a bang, amazing tone and pace. But because there's no review page for MW:R, i'm gunna rate IW instead. Being a long fan of MW, the graphics is a good upgrade. But the downsides to this? 1. Amazing lag (latency) in MW:R MP. 2. Amazing loading time just for a 75 man kill. 3. Amazing gun sounds (god they sound so great they sounded like i was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the toilet. Original was way better)4. For the love of God, where's the server browser? Why remove something that's not broken?5. Ok, ok. I'm from SEA, and yeah, SEA internet sucks right? Yeap, mine's so bad that i can download a 1gb file in less than a minute. 6. EXTRAS!: Jesus christ, I suck at this game. Emptied an entire clip of MP5 clip to a person's back, and another half a clip just for it to register and killed him! Yippeee!! (I think it took me 4 seconds + reload to kill him. I'm sorry, i'm just bad)7. EXTRAS 2!: I seriously think that this game is not meant to be released in 2016. Probably 2018. I scored a 15fps on a GTX 1080 SLI! IW, please do kindly sell me the system that you guys are using to build this game. You guys are from the future indeed. God i love this game, i'd love so much drop a thumbs up for it, i really do. But it's so damn disappointing that even Soap cant wash it off. I'm sorry, Soap.
bought this because I'm a fan of CoD and didnt realise I was paying for halo. the movement is clunky the guns feel heavy and all the new advanced exo suits and stuff completely ruin the game not worth the money go buy battlefield 1 its soooo much better
Terrible optimized! Even Cod: MW remastered runs poorly. Asked for refund. Too bad. Rig: I5 6400 Rx 470.
This game is a Joke Pay 2 win just dont buy please save your money
worst game of the year 0/10
I was so excited for both, I played the beta for IW and it was honestly pretty fun so I decided I would just pay the money and get both games. The first red flag was when the preload didnt actually install the games, but then I booted up MWR and was averaging 90fps and was having drops as low as 19. If you bought this for MWR either get it on console or wait til they fix it on here because its currently unplayable. As for IW in my opinion its still not a bad game its just my pc cant run it very well. Overall I would not reccommend this game, I myself am going to be refunding it.
i cant kill any one all fly
>bought it because it looked cool>game crashed when I tried to change settings>forever loading screens>never got to gameplay because of crashes>stopped playing cod since MW2 because I realized they are the same game with more autism>I will never learn>wouldn't play this game even if it was free0/10 never got to crash a spase ship in the campaigntl;dr save yourself the pain
Been tryng to play this game in Nvidia surround for the last hour and it starts up fine (takes about 15 minutes to pre-load shaders) and then when in-game, the center screen goes black.   The right and left screen are fine but i can't see anything on the center screen.   Was getting a bit annoyed but i stayed patient, restarted the game and played for about 5 minutes and then again black center screen.  Anger levels started rise but I stayed patient and rebooted my entire PC to try again.   After rebooting and restarted game on the 3rd attempt, played for 5 minutes and black center screen again.  Exited game,  wrote this review and will get a refund for these piece of goddamn garbage that looked the same as every other call of duty game for the 5 minutes i was able to play this piece of goat turd.
I really wanted to like this game but sadly it simply isnt very good,  The playlists arent very populated and only seem to find a game consistantly if you play Team Deathmatch.Im really dissapointed
PILE OF ♥♥♥♥♥T
12fps on a GTX 1080! Are you kidding me! Terrible port and dull looking game!! Don't waste your money this crap!!
.....If you thought Ghosts was bad then purchase this and see a whole new level of poor quality gaming.... Any chance of a refund?
I played the infinite garbage for 50 min and mordern warfare remastered for 30 min..... then i decided to refund, game is terrible, i have never refund any cod game even cod ghost. Titanfall2 wins lol, and don't compare this to battlefield 1, this is trash. I don't care what u guys think about how good or bad titanfall2 or battlefield 1 is, but they put no work on this game
NOT WORTH $60!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY!Specs: i5-6600kGTX 9708gbs of RAM7200RPM HDDThis game runs nicely on my computer but the Mouse acceleration makes it UNPLAYABLE. I've played a few games of multiplayer and I am so dissapointed. I bought this game because I really thought it would be fun to play but the mouse acceleration makes the game play like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Other than that, it definitely is what you'd expect from COD. From the get go, in your first match, your first death will be from somone sitting in a corner. And since the environment and soldiers are so futuristic, it'll be hard to distinguish sometimes. If you can get past the mouse acceleration and how hard it is to find games plus no HC S&D... then maybe you can play the game. I'm going to request a refund, I'm so dissapointed. FPS seems to be dying nowadays... Guess Battlefield is the ONLY good one out.
I crash in game every five minutes.  My network connection is fine.  Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥
I played a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of call of duty MW2 and other franchise series as well. I picked this game up thinking it would be fun as it was back in the day but I was completelely wrong. The multiplayer is filled with hackers already so good luck having fun there. The best part about this game is the zombie mode. That is it.
This game is ♥♥♥♥ i can't run it on a GTX 980M Core i7 32 gb ram and i keep getting the "Fatal Error" Fix your bloody game Don't buy this even for MW Remastered don't throw you money away
2/10
Umm... No.
Changed from recommended to not Recommened Due to the past 8 days At different times, trying to get into a multiplayer game, just 1 & there being literally no players playing multiplayer in IF, in MW theres been 1 game in that time a very deseync heavy not worth anyones times because they couldnt take the time to remaster it to a server instead of keeping it player based which was the #1 known issue with the game since release, great game, but thats its only issue.IW Singleplayer: Dont know, dont care, dont buy COD for Single Player since MW2IW multiplayer: Well i was fully prepared to give this game a bad review & to call it a COD BO3 rip off with maps that should of been in that game. BUT its actually good, dont get me wrong it is a COD BO3 rip off with maps that prob should of been in COD BO3 but they are good maps, good guns, good balance. Havn't enjoyed playing COD this much since probably MW2.If they removed that trash black ops jumping booster crap, the sliding is ok, But make sure they dont allow "bunny hop" jumping it'd be the best FPS multiplayer out atm, i have played BF1 thats good but this would win.COD MW: single player - Its stil great!COD MW: Multiplayer - Still desync trash you shoot someone in the head 2-6 times & you die then replay shows you dead well before you were on your screen e.t.c. SO yeah same as the original MW not much has changed & its still GREAT! really fun playing it again, they did a good job other than the desync which should of been #1 on the remaster list.
for BO3 players, do not buy this, treyarch is better, now i see why infinityward bringing COD series down.
Mouse problems lag spikes gj cod
Why is Infinite Warfare set in space? Because no one on earth wants to buy it
Netcode is garbage, gets killed around the corner all the time, can't see your ping. Matchmaking sucks, get kicked out of the lobby when it's counting down, put you into the noob team vs parties and expect you to carry scrubs every game.Awful spawn logic, the second you spawn there's already enemies and gunfights on your screen.Jerky mouse movement, 91 fps, buggy if you have a 144hz monitor, ugly graphics, no steam profile integration.Maps are way too small for fast exo movement and doesn't suit the short ttk+slow health regen, it's hard to get high streak because you get traded so easily after gunfight.
Waste of time. Infinite Warfare and MWR wont connect to online for multiplayer, and if you manage to you cant play with people that bought it through microsoft store. Activisiont wont provide support regardless of how much information you give them including the exact error code. Luckily Steam's refund policy is here to protect against 2nd rate products claiming to be A class. I thought companies would have learnt there lesson watching what happened to No Man's Sky, yet here we are.
Game crashes when you change graphics settings.Game crashes when you back out to main menu, requiring hard reset.Can't find an online zombies server.Can't play multiplayer because for some reason the "Find Match" option is locked.Unexceptable for a £60 AAA title. I have no problem with bugs and launch issues, but this is taking it to the extreme.
Don't buy this game,Multiplayer - Every time I join a lobby I am kicked out right before the game starts and because of that I have not even been     able to play 1 match yet.Now at first I thought it could be my internet or PC Problems but I know for a fact my PC and internet are perfectly working and in order.I payed $100 to play this game and so fare have not been able to do so.Zombies - Well I would give my opinion if I could actually get into a game,every time I try load up a game of zombies it makes me watch the whole intro (No skip button) and after the intro finishes it  goes to a  black sreen for about 2-3 minutes before it crashes.It is not my PC I know that much.Modern Warefare - I was really excited to play COD4 again and bring back some memories,but I had the worst experience with it this morning,I try join a multiplayer game and once it said the map was loaded in it kicked me from the lobby.Every time the green bar was full and I was ready to play it kicked me and said "Lobby was cancelled".It is really annoying for me to pay $100 and all this happens,I was really looking forward to today but now I wish i had saved that $100.
The frame drops and stutter on this game are out the♥♥♥♥♥ Even on SLI 970s this game will take a big ol'♥♥♥♥♥♥on your pc. Not fun either, the guns are trash and it plays like ghosts did. Jumping is the same as BO3 but slower and no flow. I'm refunding and waiting for remastered to sell solo (we all know it will). It's the only thing they did right this year...
The frame drops and stutter on this game are out the♥♥♥♥♥ Even on SLI 970s this game will take a big ol'♥♥♥♥♥♥on your pc. Not fun either, the guns are trash and it plays like ghosts did. Jumping is the same as BO3 but slower and no flow. I'm refunding and waiting for remastered to sell solo (we all know it will). It's the only thing they did right this year...
Cod 4 Remasterd, AmzingInfinate Warfare, Absolutely terrible
I used to beat a guy from times to times cause he was a moron... He bought me this game...The hate from him is real....
Stuck on loading screen on single player, takes for ever to find a lobby on multiplayer when it eventually finds one the game  crashes , game stutters constantly they blame your pc thats the issue no no.. it's you♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse of a game thats the issue. 10/10 would kill me self again
3/10
Absolutly terrible game, mouse smoothing which you cant take off, even in options it doesnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game is not made for pc like most of there games now ever since cod4. Making you pay for this♥♥♥♥♥♥then pay again for cod4 instead of giving it as a gift is shady as ♥♥♥♥ as you cant even get cod4 without buying this infinite♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is this game.
Singleplayer review:- the graphics seem better than multiplayer but too busy for the eyes- the enemies are not killing you but annoyingly making you flinch a lot- the cinematics, the cute scenes are SO BAD, at 20 fps i think..- same old hand holding stupid F pressing movie they call a "game"..Multiplayer review: - the graphics, the textures, the antialiasing.. all bad and so much low effort.- the hit registration seems like there are no real dedicated servers.- the weapons look, feel and names make no sense, poor creativity.- the sounds make no sense too, very weird and tiny audio.- i had no eye strain problems in BO3 and Titanfall 2 but this game tires my sight, very bad color pallete, nasty uncreative details..Overall it feels like a very poorly futuristic re-skin of Cod4. Yes, cod4.As a long time CoD player i strongly recommend passing this and just getting Titanfall 2 which seems the futuristic SP/MP game of the year so far.Played some Modern Warfare Remastered. This game has not aged well. Very boring, very unbalanced and the optimization is monstruous.. I don't know what those Raven guys are doing but this is unbelievable poor remaster..
Ugh I pade the mistak of automatically launching while I was asleep. I have 7 hours playtime when I only played it for 1. If I can get my moneyback good. The multiplayer sucks the shots arent 100% accurate, as in shots will go through enemys no damage. The frame rate is TERIBLE on 720P using a GTX 1060 and we should all know the 1060 is capable of handling 720 perfectly.
I bought this game just to test the refund button of steam
This review will only be about the multiplayer; I plan to try zombies and campaign later. IW MP is basically a worse version of BO3 MP, so I'll be comparing the 2 games often. Minor improvements in some areas, but not nearly enough to save the game.Pros:- Decent optimization- Marginally better supply drop system where weapon variants are craftable with in-game currencyCons:- Population is already low (about 7.5k when I checked)- 90 fps cap- Minor bugs in graphics settings- Distorted graphical effects when increasing FOV- Maps and camos don't look as good- Cluttered, claustrophobic maps  BO3 didn't have the best maps, but the ones used in e-sports (Infection, Fringe, Hunted, etc.) were good in my opinion because they were open enough but not too big either. In these types of maps, all kinds of weapons were viable. In IW, all the maps I played were very confusing as there are always multiple lines of sight you have to watch. They didn't really take advantage of the advanced movement either.- Awful spawns  In TDM, everyone spawns at the same spot. This means that you can't find any enemies for 30 seconds, then suddenly 4 enemies pop up right in front of you at once. Combined with the maps, the core gameplay of IW felt very annoying.- Boring Rigs The combat rigs are basically the same thing as specialists in BO3, but with less personality. I didn't like the specialist weapons in BO3, but they were at least fun to use when I was the one using them. In IW, the weapons feel like they're copied and pasted, yet still annoying to die by.I didn't hate BO3, and I actually spent a lot of time with it, but the TDM-fest bored me at the end of its life cycle. Since IW MP is a less enjoyable version of BO3 MP, I don't think I'll be playing it as much.Edit: One more thing, the hit markers show up later after conencting your shot compared to past CoDs. Might have something to do with lag comp, but it feels like constantly playing in a 100+ ping server.
Is anyone having the same low texture problems??? Even when your settings are on "high" ....I need a fix for this -_- In this state i don't like playing it
So much for PC master race. I thought a re-master would be better than the master, nope.avi cod4 remastered was not a good time. I was practically rolling in dorritos within seconds of launching the game. The Graphics suck, bad pc port, not so dedicated server, mouse accel, cant find games, load in time is based on you graphic settings, aim assist, bad hit reg, when people jump around corner on your screen they like teleport.
♥♥♥♥ off
♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE, I NEVER REFUND GAMES AND THIS IS THE FIRST
This was waste of money to be honest, i regret buying it i'll stick to Black ops 3, wait i got a joke for yall Why is CoD: Infinite Warfare set in space?  Because no one on earth wants to buy it.
just another dead games Zzz
As fun as it is in places, for people who don't spend as much as i do on video games. It's just not worth it.Wait for the inevitable activision week discount.This'll be a zombies focused section of the review for those who like me ( yes, i know. We exist.) who buy call of duty exclusively for the Zombies gamemode. I've sank nearly 36 Hours into the current map, Zombies in Spaceland. Digging right into it with tibia and teeth and while i've nearly done all that it has to offer aside from the soul and career challenges. First, Zombies in Infinite Warfare is a more bulletspongy affair from their Black Ops bretheren and let's be honest here, there are alot of carry overs from the Zombies series in Black Ops. Perk Drinks are replaced with Candies, you buy barriers with points, you buy guns from walls, you use barriers as a cheap way of making a couple of extra points. It's essentially the same thing, and while alot of people are going to decry that as a bad thing, it stops ZIS from becoming Extinction, the gamemode from Call of Duty Ghosts. The formula works, but there are defintely a couple of new twists that from first glance seem to make the game easier but make it ALOT harder.Speaking of Perks, there are bunch of new additions and old friends that make a comeback through different faces. I won't list all of them here for fear of spoiling it for you but they offer interesting strategies,although some (*cough* blue bolts *cough*) need a serious buff or quirk for me to consider using them for high round.Instead of bleeding out and dying, having to wait until next round you can get back into the round by playing small minigames in an arcade. At first glance this might seem to make the game easier but this taxes you even more than the original way of doing things and it's all because of lost and found. While the option to buy back your weapons is great, what isn't so great is that you essentially fall back into the map naked. Without your perks, your weapons or anything actually. Your first instinct is obviously to grab your weapons but on a high round this is nearly suicidal unless your at a skill level where you can abuse the hell out of sliding. If you die during that time, you lose your weapons and they can be progressed pretty high and considering Arcane Cores, which can upgrade your guns and you have to jump through hoops to get and upgrade can lost with them, it means you could potentially be jumping through many many many hoops in order to get the gear you previously had.This difficulty is bolstered by the fact that in comparison to black ops 3, the weapons scale off alot more harshly as the rounds go on, even with upgraded weapons you'll start to find them getting weaker and weaker towards round 20 and then becoming peashooters even with the additional core at 30 essentially meaning that Wallbuys (guns you buy on the wall) are the kings of running high round in zombies. You don't even need to upgrade them AT ALL, and there are so many great places to run zombies around in circles that you'll always be making points back while gradually killing the hordes. It takes FOREVER to progress through the rounds but i ended up with upwards of 100k in points through the 20s alone for you to recover from potential losses of perks and weapons. What is probably the worst part of this iteration of zombies is that so much of the weapon progression ingame is locked behind the Easter Egg and the boss is no joke, arguably the hardest in zombies history. I spent 3 runs, about total of about 6-8 hours setting up only to fail each time because he hits so hard,is very very VERY bulletspongy and can regenerate a whole phase of damage which is unacceptable when max ammo hardly drops.Hell, i got Gorod Krovi on my first go but this♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't no cakewalk!Without the Easter Egg being completed in that very game, you are locked out of a second upgrade for your weapon and the final upgrade for Arcane Core, which i couldn't get. These upgrade unlocks don't persist, you need to do the easter egg everytime you want to get those upgrades, which if your aiming for high round can compromise the above strategy i mentioned. You'll have more powerful weaponry, absolutely but all of that weaponry eventually will scale down in damage until your essentially firing a glorified peashooter and making less points for it. Avoid the Dischord, get pretty much every other buildable weapon.A final note, I literally wrung every little bit of content i could out of ZIS and unless you are absolutely nuts and plan on grinding all 400 Levels in Zombies on the first map, i really really wouldn't recommend it at full price point just for zombies. Just wait and get Black Ops 3 packed with the DLC on a key site if you don't have that already, you'll have mods and all DLC content to enjoy while Zombies in IW atm is absolutely bulimic, and only worth enjoying after all 4 dlc packs come out with the game on discount with it.
I have purchased every call of duty ever.... and even though cod has been terrible since ghost i still got some enjoyment out of them... i played this game for 2 rounds and got a steam refund! Which i have never done in my life or felt the need to do.... if this wasn't a COD title it wouldn't sell even 1% of the copies that it wil! its total garbage
Nope.
Game runs worse than ArmA 2. I dunno anymore guys.I was so excited to play MWR and even IW, and I just...... Can't. Like at all.I'm really torn up about this. I played MW on the 360 when it first came out, and loved every second of every CoD (save for Ghost- ♥♥♥♥ that game) since.And I can't play the remaster.Good stuff Infinite Ward.
I don't like how everything is tied to the supply drops. You don't earn enough keys per game to unlock supply drops and don't earn enough salvage per supply drop to unlock weapons. Its too much of a grind and I don't have 8+ hours every single day for the next 12 months to sink into infinite warfare.
Same mouse accelaration bug as with mw3 ghosts  aw .  Same small stuttering/ This is just disgrace. refunded
Do yourself a favor and don't buy this game.
Pros:-MW Remastered  (If you bought the legacy edition) Cons:-Stutters -Frame drops-Dull colours -Very slow UI ^^These are only narrowed down. Hopefully IW fix these in a patch as soon as possible. I'm not biased against this game in any way. I love COD but this definitely is not up to scratch YET.
Everyone involved with the creation of this game, is scum and don't deserve the blessing of life.The game is fundamentally broken, the maps are trash, the spawns are trash and the extremes lengths they've go to, to make the game pay to win is insane.All in all, the best way to describe infinite warfare is high quality garbage.I've literally been playing for the last 10 hours and finally reached level 22. Here's the messed up part,  I've only received 1 supply drop and only earned 320 salvage. which is bloody insane, when I already see people with legendary and epic weapons, just melting everyone because the variants are over powered. How in hell did activision think it was a good idea to make it, this hard to earn salvage or keys and to add insult to injury they gave people massive advantage, just because they payed a little extra.How is giving them 10 rare supply drops and 1,000 salvage instantly, plus daily bonuses fair?When it would take about a week to earn just 1,000 salvage and probably two weeks to a month to earn 10 supply drops.It would take about two weeks at this rate, playing 10 hours a day just to earn enough salvage to level up one weapon to epic, Is that how it's mean't to be and unless you pay to win you can't even unlock 20% of the weapons? Or did they forget to roll out a patch for the PC version?, because this game as of now, is far worse than the beta on ps4 and if something is not done soon, I'm dropping it completely.You wanna know the worse part about this game and makes everyone hate it? It's the fact that, it's a disgusting mix of greed from activition, littered with campers, most people are spraying & praying and even worse yet is the fact that everyone is running around in groups of 3 or more, like they're trying to hold hands. It's bloody disgusting, you can kill someone and then instantly two more will come from the same direction, because their following each other and when you die, you instantly spawn behind the guy who just killed you or one of the 2 guys who was following them.Was excited for cod 4 remastered, but even that is playing a little off, will have to get give it few more attempts. Will most-likely be playing that as my main fps game, for this and probably next year.But I'm pretty much done with infinite warfare. I'll give it one more chance, when i see a patch, if there's no noticeable changes, I'm gonna delete this garbage.Edit: While reading the reviews, I noticed a wild fanboy, who said "whats wrong with the game, there's no bugs and or anything game breaking".For me the weapon variants are game breaking. The fact that some people will only get those variants after a few weeks, if not months later is game breaking.The inconsistent time to kill, the inconsistent time of death, the controls are sluggish, being shot in the back, the awful spawns, getting shot even while behind cover and through walls when the enemy isn't using FMJ, the maze like maps, the camping, the ghost perk, everyone playing like scumbags and running in groups of 3 or more.Those are all game breaking in my opinion, there's minor issues like the game refuses to keep some visual setting like, full screen/ window mode and it has to be reset every time you play.When you change a visual setting like the resolution, rather than being able to continue changing the resolution, it forces you back to the main options page and you have to select visual setting again, then find resolution again and then you can change the resolution by one, each time. This happens on other settings as well.You have to leave matchmaking to view / access things like the mission teams. Some times only your class list will load when you first go into a game and you have to pick blind because the bit that shows your weapons, attachments and perks are not visible, so you have to wait for yourself to die and then it works like normal. (This only happened once every 10 or so games, but it shouldn't be happening at all)The graphics are garbage, how does black ops 3 at 4k look, better than this steaming pile of dog ******, at 4k.Why do any of this, in every way possible this game is inferior to black ops 3. It's literally black ops 2.5.I hate everything about this game, I just hope there's a patch, because even with getting cod 4 remastered and only paying a ridiculously small price for it, I honest to god, still feel robbed/cheated.Edit 2: After reading some more comments, it seems like everyone is recommending titanfall 2, I do to its about 10 times better that this game.I would return it, but I didn't buy directly from steam so i can't even return it..
good single player but the online sucks AND has no players anyway
Cod is dead.....
Game freezes & is unplayable.  All modes freeze and or crash.  I recommend you wait for a bit to see if the devs fix it.  No matter what i do the game freezes on loading.   This almost reminds me of how Homefront was.
Changing review for a few reasons. Guess I was lucky last night and earlier this morning when I was playing the game. I simply bought the game for MWR and that is utter garbage online. Is infinite warfare itself bad though? Absolutely not, I personally didn't have any server issues with the infinite warfare side of things, however MWR is really bad. The gameplay on multiplayer was fluid and worked as it should. I still feel like it is unfair to judge the off of previous COD games because it is not trying to be another COD game. The infinite warfare multiplayer is fast paced, from my experience most people just run around with smgs jumping off walls. The campaign i'm sure is not the best in the world, I mean it's COD. MWR: Game runs like complete trash on even the best gaming rigs. That's really all that needs to be said about it. That and the servers are complete trash...also i'm pretty sure there is no real hack prevention right now in this game...and if there is it sucks. Played a game with a dude running a million miles per hour across the map just killing people. Maybe one day this will be worth picking up, but probably not because with the short life span of shooters on pc as it is I would say that Infinity ward has ruined the only chance this game would have gotten.
This game does not support splitscreen on the PC. EDIT:　On an AMD fx8350 and R9 280x with 20gb RAM this game has some horrible frame drops regardless of settings, making it hard to even maintain 60 on the campaign and multiplayer during most instances.This is even more prevalent in MWR where looking towards the middle of the map on bog causes my frames to dip to 30 and below, even on the lowest of settings and FOV, with the latest 16.11.2 drivers installed.On a side note; I personally believe this campaign is the best call of duty campaign SO FAR since Call of Duty 4.EDIT EDIT: I've managed to improve performance by disabling the drivers I installed to make a ps3 controller work on pc, as well as lowering the polling rate of my mouse from 1000hz to 125, making aim much more consistent and allowing me to maintain a smooth 90fps on infinite warfare at least.
♥♥♥♥♥br>
I do not reccomend this game to any hardcore FPS player. The only working multiplayer mode is team deathmatch, the game intentionally spawns players behind you and the fact that it is loaded with bot users makes it even worse. If you want to play a FPS game that is strategic and similar to an actual battlefield or military engagement DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. This game is spawn everywhere on the map surrounded by little immature children using bots. This game is terrible and I would not reccomend it to any serious FPS fan.
The game is literally black, so no, I can't say I enjoy it, IT DOESN'T EVEN LOAD THE TEXTURES ON A 980 TI FOR ♥♥♥♥SAKES-EDIT: THE GAME WORKS NOW, BUT ITS STILL TERRIBLE
Horsepoop
it a♥♥♥♥♥♥call of duty out there better cod is aw
Not going to recommend this game until the "Dominion" achievement is fixed, but that will most likely never happen so this review will stay. The achievement doesn't work on all platforms and it's a very common issue since the release date, but the developers still refuse to reply to anyone who contacts them to ask about this achievement. Even if they do reply, they say that they're working on the issue, but there are no results or at least answers for over a year.
PLEASE COD GODS ~ STOP WITH THIS FUTURISTIC CRAP 2015 COD BO III - Pre-order stats 287,5092016 COD IW      - Pre-order stats  30,455 ( <<<-------- )  YES !!! your not mistakenLets agree on that not releasing CODMWR standalone was one D*ck move or else you wont even get a pre-order ...PLS release it standalone before COD DIES BY U GUYS ACTIVISION +1 - For Next Years Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered Trilogy We COD fans dont care , even a World at War or Past WW2 games remastered is better !!- 1 For next Years most disliked trailers !!! LOOL 2016 still P2P ~ Awesome spawns , Frame lag , Table gun Sounds , Connecting to Online services * , Frozen Menu , No Ping Display , $89.99 <--- PLS ~ The only reason why you should get this is for CODMWR or else ur a zombie fan then stay away from the Standard Edition.Oh yeah Average - 8232 Players Max 13015 Players on Launch day !! Remember that 4th / Nov / 2016 11.13pm AUSPlease just  get Battlefield 1, Titanfall II , Dishonored II , Shadow Warrior II , Gears of War 4 , Deus EX MK heck or even Mafia III then this game ( Get MWR ) though !!
This & MWR is 2 good games (mostly MWR cuz the game is awesome), but they are not optimized for pc, my sensitivity is clunky and weird and I get fps drops even tho I've got 980 ti graphics card and great processor. The graphics for Infinite warfare wasnt too great, the graphics for MWR is pretty good.I would suggest you get this for ps4, if you don't have a ps4 and you want to play this game, I suggest you buy a ps4.It would surely be a fun game if there wasnt so many problems with the game(s). Don't know if everyone have these problems, but both me and my friend who bought it had problems with fps and weird clunky mouse sensitivity.I've already requested a refund after playing for 1 hour.
this game is â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ingâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥get battlefield 1 cod crash 3 times in 25min
Game runs and feels like♥♥♥♥♥ Modern Warfare Remaster also suffers from a poor port. Don't waste your money. If you have; REFUND!Oh yeah and doesn't support ultrawide in November 2016. Lmao what a sham
If the movment mechanics were as smooth as Blackops 3 This game would'nt be that bad. The game needs to be optimized a little bit better..........Fix these things and maybe ill come back but for right now i'll stick to Battlefield 1 and wait until Treyarch's next game since infinity ward is on a losing streak.
Oh look another call of duty game that runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love how they dont put anytime into making sure their games run correctly on PC. I have a good computer and meet the requirements and dont have this issue with other games. I mean it even lags during the menus. That to me shows its not optimized well for PC. The gameplay itself seems OK. Even that I wouldnt say its anything special.
It's just ♥♥♥♥ing awful
I cant even play the damn game. I went into a lobby opend minded but u cant even rum the game at 60fps?? Like what! Terribly optimised, even unplayable.....Do not buy until this is fixed.
This game has nothing to do with COD that we all know. It doesn't look or feel like one. This is a very crappy game and am still in shock that its carrying the COD title!!! How could Activision let this happen, its beyond me really!. And wtf with all the names in the credits to end up with a $hit job like this!. Im definitely going back to BO3, at least it looks much better!!!!!. Uninstalled, downloading BO3 back.
The multiplayer feels really clunky
Infinite Refund is designed to make me instantly regret leaving Battlefield 1.  Modern Warfare Remastered reminded me that rose tinted goggles masked such a basic run and gun experience.  Why did I purchase this?  Maybe for views on YouTube but even the attention-seeking YouTuber in me slapped me across the face and screamed, "GET MAH MONEY BACK BOY!", ending the exclamation with a killer glare that would wither Medusa in a staring contest.  Now watch me play BattleField 1 on YouTube while I scrabble on all fours to get my CoD money back from the cracks in Steam's pavement.In the first 15 minutes of play I had been sworn at 3 times, I was up at the early hours of the morning to try this and am now groggy and feeling crap for work and the Infinite Warfare commander talking at me with superficial and annoying authority made me ready to sneak out of barracks and desert the Activision army.  These 2 points more than anything: (1) the look and sound of this game pale massively in comparison to Battlefield 1 which spoils me with its audiovisual treats (2) this is running and gunning without enough complexity.  Now give me my money back and we'll speak no more of this sordid affair.
Campaign: AnnoyingMultiplayer: DeadZombies: CoolThe game runs well and looks pretty, but I wouldn't recommend it
trash can
Guns are horrible, no balancing, spawns are messed up.  The game has almost no colors in it, only black, gray and white.  Ugly as ♥♥♥♥.  Needs to be a lot more vibrant.
I bought this for Modern Warfare Remastered but it was completely unplayable due to constant frame drops. I would start with 60+ FPS then drop below 20 when I started moving. I'm not holding my breath for them to fix it so I'm hoping for a refund.Specs:i5-3570KGTX 1060 - Nvidia driver 375.7016GB Ram24" 1080p monitorWindows 10 64bit
Nope not buying another call opf duty ever again BF1 won
worst purchase i have ever made .. getting a refund! .. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!! (never said that about a game before)
They added loot crates and weapons to the game they said they wouldn't do it to.
I was excited to try Call of Duty after the mess they've made of it, last one I bought was the original Black Ops. They are still clearly far from a desired experience, at least on PC. Control are slow and bulky. Feels like you're in an out of shape 50 year olds body when playing. Was hoping for a fun game to play but was disappointed, especially since I got the Digital Deluxe for $100. Already requested a refund after a few hours of play time. It'll just boil your blood if you try to play.
Only bought this for the Modern Warfare Remaster.
I thought it would be better than Black Ops 3. I thought that there was no way it could be worse.I was wrong.This game shouldn't be called 'Infinite Warfare'. No, it should be called 'Infinite Garbage' because that's what it is.There's no text chat in lobby, and mics sound like total garbage. I have to mute everyone because they sound like they're using mics from two decades ago. Those very same people sound fantastic in a private Steam chat.The weapons are utter trash. I can tell that they were going for an 'Advanced Warfare' vibe with the Quartermaster, but failed miserably. 'Advanced Warfare's system worked because the weapons weren't trash to begin with.The maps are absolutely terrible. Tiny labyrinths, basically. Good luck getting the drop on someone, because he will certainly be behind you before you can even turn around. The maps don't feel like they were deliberately designed; more like thrown together haphazardly. The party system is screwed up. Joining a party is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I get error messages 3/4 of the time when trying to join a party. If I'm in a party with a few specific players, the game will not allow another specific player to join. This is very annoying.Oh, and matchmaking is still messed up. It puts the top players on the same team. What is their deal? Activision needs to get their business in order. Nobody likes losing to a team made up of incredibly good players just because the devs are too lazy to fix their game. This has been a problem since Advanced Warfare and they still haven't fixed it? Seriously?I also can't seem to join my friends when they're in a game, even when they have slots open. It just says 'Server is full' or gives me some BS error message. This is an AAA game. Why are they having all of these problems? I didn't pay $100 for this.This game is like the bastard love child of Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3. Has the weapons and laser stuff of AW, and the Black Market of BO3. Truly a match made in Hell. It more feels like a downgraded version of Titanfall 2 than an actual Call of Duty game. Don't bother. This game is complete trash. I might revise my review if they fix the glaring problems, but I doubt that will ever happen. I'm still waiting for Treyarch to fix the hitboxes in BO3.Tl;dr I would rather play No Man's Sky than this travesty.As of last patch, there are now 'Mark II' weapons that cannot be bought with salvage. Instead of fixing their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, they're just releasing pay to win weapons that you might get if you spend enough money.♥♥♥♥ these greedy bastards. Every ♥♥♥♥ing time I play this game, it's worse. How the ♥♥♥♥ is that even possible? Is Activison too ♥♥♥♥ing stupid to fix it? No, they aren't. They're just laughing at how ♥♥♥♥ing stupid we are, to buy this cluster♥♥♥♥ of a game.Every ♥♥♥♥ing update just brings more dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ This update (2/28/2017) brought more common items and a few weapons you'll never ♥♥♥♥ing see because the RNG won't ever give them to you.Edit 5/18/2017: As of last DLC release, the game no longer launches. How did you manage to screw that up, Activision? Is your team entirely comprised of monkeys?Edit 7/1/2017: I don't know when the ♥♥♥♥ they ♥♥♥♥ed it up, but the knife now has more range than the new ♥♥♥♥ing shotgun. ♥♥♥♥ you, you pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥
i Can't play this game. the Game only freeze or Crash!wtf is wrong with the developers? selling a product that's not working ?!??!??* If i go back to menu it freeze.* If i change graphics it freeze.* If i try join a game, it disconnect.* The champain game mode are stopping at the end of loading* The zombie game mode i get Black screen if i try start Singel player game.So nothing works at all! ! !
No sound what-so-ever (Menu, voice, guns, everything has no sound for me), the textures are p*ss poor-awful even on high (It HAS to be a glitch, the resolution on the textures are so f**king bad that you can't even make out what half of it is, not to mention that they slowly get worse over time. And my rig is a monster, so there's no way in hell it's my computer.) A plethora of day-one bugs across everyone who's playing (Minus the select lucky few). As for the textures, I have no clue what's going on there. They start off fine and literally 5 minutes later drop tremendously in resolution, it's as if the game's texture pop in is just natively broken.Singleplayer won't even start, and to be honest I'm not missing much since there's no sound. At all. For anything. ANYTHING.So I decided to blast SNAKE EATER on repeat while I tried out multiplayer.Gun designs look stupid and nonfunctional, it seriously just looks like whoever was the concept design for them said "Hey wires and way more bulky sh*t, that'll make it look sci-fi, right?" (  ). Not to mention the absolute nonsensical and stupid as all hell decision to take old MW/MW2 guns and slap stupid looking attachments while blatantly still being an "classic" model with stupid stuff attached to it (M1 Garand in the future? Are you serious right now?). Copy/pasting (Steam for some reason blocked this sentence out. Here's a filler) of assets are blatantly obvious when looking at the meshwork of firearms. The amount of content in the multiplayer isn't promising either. Oh yeah, it's also pretty much dead off the gate. Remember in Halo 2 when you could click a button and find a match? Yeah, those days are long gone. Get ready to do some mental excersizes for 15 minutes while you wait to shoot at people for 10. Oh yeah, there's also Overwatch Ults for each character. Joy.I can't suggest this game now. Maybe after they do some patches to make the game actually playable. But until then, go back to whatever other game you want to play. You're not missing out on anything here. I rarely write reviews like this, and despite me getting the game for free this is the FIRST game I have ever played where I just had no desire to continue playing it after the first 30 minutes. Fix your sh*t, get a competent PC-Porting team please.P.S - For all of those saying that I can't complain about a game's release and day 1 bugs. You clearly haven't been around playing the great games from the 2000's. Which delivered solid and polished games on release date with hardly any issues.It's the current year. It's unacceptable at this point to still be paying full price for a game that does not work on launch.P.S.S - I don't care that much about the old guns in IW. It's just, when you're creating something as vast and as big as a galaxy to run around in. You think they'd put more effort into creating brand new and exciting firearms than taking ones we've seen a billion times and adding♥♥♥♥♥♥to it.P.S.S.S - Jeeze so many additions, for anyone thinking this is BF1 Bias. I don't even have EA's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ origin installed. Out of all the "Hype" games (Ergo, titanfall, bf1, cod IW), COD IW is the only one I've played. I haven't touched Titanfall 2 (Nor care) or BF1 (Nor care.). Just sayin'.
One word explains both games in a nutshell....... AIDS Refunded.
I had to disable every other one of my displays for this to actually work. it wouldn't lock onto my main monitor otherwise.It also gave server errors about thirty times when loading into games, and then during games. which i guess is okay because its a new launch. campaign could be cool, i didn't play it, but the multiplayer I just didn't like at all.the remaster is alright. it's not worth spending 79.99 though, in my opinion.IW itself just doesn't feel fun. I just don't like it. I figured i'd give it a chance because "how bad could it be?" but the jump pack, the guns, the maps, I just didn't have fun with any of it. Personally, I'd recommend Titanfall 2. 59.99 and all the DLC is free. no season pass. and no stupid weapon crates.
basically a copy and paste of BO3 just with better graphics.
1/10
Slow as hell and I have an 8core @ 5ghz and a GTX 1060 6gb card wtf??? It plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥and graphics are horrible
Slow as hell and I have an 8core @ 5ghz and a GTX 1060 6gb card wtf??? It plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥and graphics are horrible
Would never thought I'd say this, but they made COD MW bad, really saddened by the way remastered has been done. Laggy, flashy. We wanted the old game, why did you try to make it look like a new game!! Cheezy :-(.I have GTX1070 and FPS drops like it's hot!
This has got to be the most bland call of duty game they've ever made. I'll be focussing on Multiplayer with this critiscism as that's pretty much all we buy the CoD games for these days.The maps are distasteful in colour choices, the maps layout are rather tightly spaced and overall they do not fit a very progressive / tactical play style. You feel very exposed wherever you go. And of course, the spawns are still awful.The weapons are just boring, they try to go for this futuristic feel by combining a mechanical look to a weapon while adding some sort of blue star-wars ripoff laser that bounces and reflects off surfaces, so no more shooting through walls with some weapons.The weapons lack a certain "UMPH" feeling, the combination of the weapon firing sound with hitting an enemy just feels really off, it's hard to tell if you're actually hitting someone or completely missing them.As for hardware, so far I've been able to play the latest shooter games (BF1 and Bo3 for example) on maximum graphics while maintaining 60fps at a resolution of 2560x1080 (ultra wide monitor) - however this fails with Infinite Warfare. No matter what graphics settings I choose, the 60fps is still there however it stutters which severely impacts my gameplay, it's not fluent / smooth. Also the HUD doesn't go to the ends of my screen, whereas in Black Ops 3 and even Modern Warfare 3, they managed to do that..In my mind, everything starts at a 5/10 and loses or gains a point for everything good and bad. Of course, this is my personal opinion. I honestly cannot see a single good thing about this game, so I can't award any points, I was at least hoping to commend this game for some visual or design creativity, but it's lackluster compared to it's buddy Black Ops 3.-1 Point: Overall bland design-1 Point: Hardware compatibility-1 Point: Gameplay sound effects-1 Point: Microtransactions still exist-1 Point: Small amount of weapon / character choice0/10
just requested a refund after an hour this was not what i expected ive never given up on a cod game this quick
The worst FPS game I've ever played.  Developers are making this game more suitable for kids, SMG is over power, you dont need skill in this game.  There is no lightspot in this game, it's just like BO3 with a different name. If you wish to play multiplayer match in this game, ENJOY KILLING BY KIDS WITH SMGS AND AUTO SHOTGUNS!!!░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄CODIW▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
worse then ghost
How do you release a Triple A game that can't be run on low setting with a high end machine game is very poorly optimised but I am patient and give Dec a chance to realease a patch honestly it more poorly optimised then dayz and arms game atm lmao ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ I get 0-40 fps no mater what I put my setting on specs of my PC are below I'm pretty sure my PC should run this fine if I get over 100fps on bf1 on Ultra settings. Just a disappointment.Ultimately I wouldn't recommend a purchase until a fix is released PC specs Gtx 970 Amd 835016gb ddr5 ram 450gb ssd 1tb wd drive
Played a few multiplayer rounds, felt a pain in my side.Looked on WebMD and found out it was cancer.0/10 I'm going to die.
Is anyone surprised that thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥isnt optimized ?UPD: MWR is also â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing broken, its almost imposible to play with those freezes every 3 seconds
anyone else having a black screen at menus and changing video settings will freeze the game thats my issue reply back if your having same problem so I know its not my computer just a fail day one launch
Press F to pay Respects
Looks cool but my game don't even wanna load the first level . Refund done
TERRIBLE SLI SUPPORT. Go figure.Infinite Warfare: Multiplayer* Lobby system is terrible. * Constant 'Disconnected from Host' errors when trying to join a lobby. * The movement feels clunky and weird. Sliding and jumping is not smooth. * Mouse tracking is really bad. Like really bad. Like random mouse acceleration (i made sure the setting was off in the menu).Infinite Warfare: Single PlayerOH MY GOD ITS SOO SMOOTH. The gameplay is phenominal. The story is pretty typical COD style so if you like it you'll like this. It's very well optimized though - which I was suprised about.Modern Warfare: Remastered:Garbage. It can look pretty but I get massive frame drops and it feels very laggy. It's almost like the servers can't keep up. With the settings turned all to extra, I got massive screen tearing and stuttering with 2 GTX 780's in SLI - cards more than capable of running ultra on cod4 remastered. Anyways, both GPU's were only being utilized @ about 20-30 percent reguardless of my in game settings (low or ultra) - telling me the game is not optimized. Once again, this COD release seems premature, overhyped, and underdelivered.
I had a long-winded review that picked apart the first CoD I've felt like wasn't deserving of my time and money in years, when I stood by my purchases of Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3. It was too long for this box, so here are the highlights:Black Ops 3's multiplayer, but worse. Ugly spaceman suits. Mouse acceleration. Space AKs. A futuristic CoD with guns pulled straight from Modern Warfare, with self-referential names like "TF-141" and "MacTav-45" (at least Black Ops 3's M1 Garand was made to look like a gun from the 23rd century). Titanfall 2's movement beats Black Ops 3's, which beats Infinite Warfare's. Black Ops 3's gunplay beats Titanfall 2's... which beats Infinite Warfare's. Post-purchase economy is predatory, variants have tones of pay-to-win and create problem - answer is GIVE ACTIVISION ALL YOUR MONEY. Campaign might be good, potentially best CoD campaign in years - not worth $60 to find out. At least AW/BO3 MP made it worth the money.TL;DR: Want boots-on-the-ground CoD? You already own Modern Warfare 2, keep playing that. Want a fast-paced, high-mobility shooter? Give Titanfall 2 a chance or keep playing Black Ops 3. Want a really solid single-player experience? DOOM and Titanfall 2 will tide you over until this game's price drops enough to make purchasing for single-player worth it.
Such a step down from black ops 3 (Which i didnt like either, but atleast it was well made an polished, and playable). Infinite Warfare is exactly as bad as we anticipated it would be. I'm 5 hours in and im already sick to my stomach with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I havent felt this kind of anger caused by a video game since like, WoW vanilla, CSS? Its a bad pc port, the fps is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it feels just as♥♥♥♥♥♥as Advanced Warfare did.Plus, i just now realized i didnt buy the legacy edition, so the game i was ACTUALLY looking forward to playing, wasnt even included in my 60 euros piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥pre purchase, and it was from a retailer so i cant refund this piece of diarrhea.So unless you were a huge Advanced Warfare/Ghosts fan, which we all know noone was, stay away from this aids corruped money sink piece of s.h.i.t.  Unless you got the MWR which i didnt, and im not gonna buy this piece of garbage twice, so jokes on me right.
So i played exactly 59 minutes of this game. I dont like how they made it so you have to click the RMB everytime you wanna aim in and out. Its stupid to say the least, but honestly it just seems like COD is trying to get with the times. COD:IW is like that grandpa that wants to be cool but he knows hes not cool. Id love to see them go back to the good ol Black Ops 1 days. Anyway if you spent the $59.99 for this game, i hope you enjoy it more than i did.
I HATE EVERYTHING about this CoD. I own all CoDs I liked ghost and AW while everyone hated it.You already heard everything ♥♥♥♥♥♥ about this game all i can say about this game is.YES IT DESERVES TO DIE AND I HOPE IT BURNS IN HELL
gtx 980 ti with i7-4790, 32 gb ram.40 minutes of Infinite loading single player and lobby closing MP.Couldn't play one minute of actual game.could see me trying to play this game for more than 3 hours then failing to get refund. so I refunded it right now. will consider buying it again like 3 months later with sale but right now, just not worth it.
not that great
-Impin' Ain't Easy-
Nothing new here, move along. Back to BF1. It's more interesting.
Controller dropped out. Game disables controller permenently.
Worst Call of Duty that i ever seen. Doesnt worth 69.99USD
game is complete trash
If you want a game that runs bellow 60 fps and stutters throughout the course of the game this is the game for you. The game that won't even let you run the game in fullscreen mode for no apparent reason and because of that it locks about 30% of the options. So if this sounds like the best game of the year to you right now well go buy this thing. Just so you know I'm trying to run this thing on an intel core i7 6700k with 16GB of DDR4 Ram and a gtx 1080 so all I have to is: Why the hell is this series so bad. Also I want to point out that I bought this game for the remaster only and I can't even get that to run properly either so avoid at all cost.Update: For those that think that I'm lying about my specs well here's a picture of my computer and also here's a screenshot of my computer for your enjoyment. Will be posting a video about this issue soon. Update 2: For those that say just keep the game wait for a patch to come my response to that is look at No Man Sky. Why don't you get that game and just grind through it waiting for a patch to come out for it that can fix all of the issues wrong with that game such as crashing, hitching, etc. Besides all those issues with that game it's perfect right.Update 3: For those that want video proof about the issue I'm facing here it is for your eyes to behold. Update 4: Ok so I finally got the game running properly in that it no longer stutters or crashes. So the way I was able to fix it thanks to the the comments that weren't blaming my toaster was by going into the Nvidia control panel and turning the power management mode to "Prefer maximum performance" which was able to stablize the game a bit and also I had to mess around with the ini files and then I had to reinstall the game a thrid time and by doing that I don't know what happened but I was able to run the game in fullscreen mode which fixed all the issues. I also ran the game in borderless fullscreen and I found the game to go back to that unstable point when I created this review yesterday. Again I want to thank everyone in the comments that tried to help a big thanks. Side note if you do have to play this in bordrless fullscreen don't have any type of overlays or fps counter or anything running because it drops the framerate significantly.
NO HC-S&D, WTF!!!
This is my first COD game ownedhere is what i experinced in 25 minutescomparible graphics to Crysis 2 (in 2010 game looked amazing, in 2016 game it looks OK)Micheal Bay rip off stuffhopped into campaignDied 5 times on the opening jump died a few more time to some â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing robot quit campaigndived for Zedstried zombies walking around in a "retro" place and got bored and diedhuffed for multitried multiplayer waiting to find a game for 5 minutesquit gamerequested refund NEVER AGAIN!
Do yourself a favour and buy Battlefield 1 instead. Thisâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥is cancerous. R.I.P. C.O.D. 2016
My girlfriend gave me this game as a present, and I just broke up with her.
TL:DR= Holy â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing sh!1t his game is A GARBAGE PILE OF HORSE SH!1T. 41GB pile of turd and 3 years of development and they push out this piece of sh!1t out of their as$. donâ€™t bother buying it and if you did, refund it. get bf1 or titanfall 2 instead. â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ you IW and Activision.Everything i found wrong with the game in my opinion:IW: -Game 	-91 FPS Caps lock on PC. its 2016 wtf-Supply drops. fu&^Ck you activision-bull sh!1t wall running and slide thatâ€™s not even fluid.-shoot first and get killed instantly-COD Points are back (the one where they want more of your money)-Weapon Variants. seriously who thought this was a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing good idea?-Some weapon variants can only be unlocked via supply drops, which means you have to pay for better guns. P2W much?-No player count. how do we know which game mode has players in?-Ping Bars and not number? why, 3arc put numbers, why canâ€™t you? lazy â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥s-Aim Assist is back for controller f ags.-Mouse Sensitivity is f uc ked. the option does not even tell us what our sensitivity is. it just stays at 0-They brought classic weapons back. UMP45, Intervention, etc. but they donâ€™t sound the same, instead they sound like â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing nerf guns.-Rigs are f u ck ing stupid. some are OP as f uc k. some are just plain stupid. one of them lets you know if an enemy is nearby by flashing a yellow tint on screen.-Laser guns. because why the f u c knot-No VAC. hackers inbound!-MP Factions are so f uc ki gn stupid. JTF Wolverines, what is that? a fu cki ng highschool football team?-Did not try SP, but looks ok (but who buys COD for SP anyway)-on top of that, another sh it ty console port imo. no dedicated pc team like 3arc has PCDev.MWR:-Bundled with call of sh!1t: Infinite â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ warfare-80 Bucks-Does not even include all the maps. only 10 (more maps in the future to come)-91 PFS Caps like. again. why? its 2016-Game is basically cod AW with COD4 skin on top. so basically, based on same engine.-No Ping Bars or even Numbers. seriously Raven? its f uc ki ng 2016 what the actual fu c k.-Game lag in menu and on maps (for me at least)-No server list.-20 Prestigeâ€™s with 1000 Levels total. Lol -No Player count. not a big deal but still.-Some guns donâ€™t sound like the original.-since its cod AW, there is a glitch where fov resets when wathcing killcam-Skill based match making? it was in cod AW, might be in hereIn my opinion, MWR is not worth the price they are offering, i would wait a couple of more months and i can almost guarantee that this game will become a standalone and you will be able to purchase it separately without having to buy infinite sh!1t warfare.right now, youâ€™re better off buying BF1 which is much better and has a bigger player base then this turd as$ game.
HAha! I cant play the game and why?IF i open it everything wokrs fine and then im getting an black background nnot like all others (White)The funny part is im trying 1 HOur to join an lobby and everytime it says ''Game lobby closed''Nothing works and if i try to play vs Bots the map loading takes 2000 HoursThank you CODfor wasting my Money Hope it gets fixed soon!!
Disc read error. Game crashed......EDIT: alt-tab = black screen = you can only restart computer....         + better optimalization than mwr
is there anyway to die even faster than that ??god, this game is baaaadd.
dose not work for win 10i have a gtx1070 from asusI7 6700k skylake16gb ddr4 ramand asus motherboardmultiplayer wont run, single player wont load after cutsean
Like many, I got this simply for the Remaster, and not for the Infinite Warfare. After spending a game in the Multiplayer and in Zombies, I can safely say this is Call of Duty. If you're a FAN, then that is absolutely fine, there is a decently sized content package here for you. I, however, have been playing Titanfall 2 over the last few days and the transition is crazy. This game feels much more sluggish than Titanfall 2, which is weird because they try to go for the same fluid gameplay.The actual content itself is just a bore too. If you're a CoD fan, go for it. If not, man just don't bother, it's not worth the gamble with the price.Hate inc probably too...EDIT: In addition it is likely worth noting that on the game's LAUNCH NIGHT on PC, there are only around 3,000 people playing Infinite Warfare. I wouldn't bank on this lasting until new year to be honest.EDIT2: I was asked to include my opinion on the reason I bought the game; the Remaster. Unfortunately, I don't feel this game has aged very well, with the gameplay feeling very basic in comparison to modern shooters. In particular, the cursed 'npc open doors for you' campaign gameplay where your hand is constantly held just isn't enjoyable, which is a shame because I have such fond memories of the campaign.EDIT3: Many moons later, hey look, I was right. SWBattlefront has more players on a daily basis, yeah, seriously.
So far I can't even get out of the menu without the game crashing. Haven't seen anything other than loading screens and cutscenes.*WILL CHANGE REVIEW ONCE FIXED*Specs: AMD FX 8320AMD R9 290 TRI-X16GB Kingston RAM2TB HDDASUS M5A78L-M-------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT: So I finally got to play the game, I played some multiplayer, a little bit of the campaign and a game of zombies. All I can say is that I have found better collections of♥♥♥♥♥♥in Syrian public toilets. This game is the strongest example we have of Inifinity Ward just throwing a game out to pc with no real care. Don't get me wrong, the graphics are good - and undoubtedly if you're a console gamer or a 12 year old - you're gonna ♥♥♥♥in love this game, but if you actually appreciate the way a game runs technically, and your money then surprise: don't buy this hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.All the 12 year olds are welcome to say "♥♥♥♥♥♥pc alert potatoe alert" or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because it's fine if you want to ignore how♥♥♥♥♥♥this Activision really is, but I am refunding this♥♥♥♥♥♥as I write this - because if I wanted to get a game that is just recycled♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- I'd walk into ♥♥♥♥ing Poland and buy their recyclable boardgames♥♥♥♥♥♥or whatever.Many thanks - this game sucks - suck my Johnson.
Okey, so i went into this game with an open mind, i did not care about all the negativity surounding it before release. I payed 79.99 euro. Let me tell ya, it really sucks. The movement is so strange and funky, the guns feel heavy/clunky/bloated. The maps in multiplayer? Dont even get me started. The graphics? Terrible. The interface/UI? Crappy. EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ Save your money folks! If you really need a newer COD then go with Call of duty Black Ops3 instead. You can tell a game is♥♥♥♥♥♥when 180 minutes is all it takes to make an review. Oh, couple of more things! its sooooo bad optimized on pc, it dosent matter if you have a good pc it will run bad. Also the connection to servers sucks, dropping of host and more. You can go on for ages about all thats bad in this game, nothing is good. This feels like a REALL REALLY REALLY bad Unreal Tournament clone, COD is dead if not Treyarch can save the series with a new game, but i doubt it.However the Bundle contains Modern Warfare Remastered. Its pretty decent and feels like the old MW game but with Upped graphics, camos, weapons stickers, and 10 multiplayer maps.  There is some Graphical Optimization issues as we speak which makes the game laggy, and stuttering. Hopefully a patch will be released fixing this.EDIT: Same Optimization issues with MWR, i mainly bought IW for MWR, but it is unplayable as we speak. Alot of stuttering and other graphichal issues. Dont belive me? Just join a TDM in MWR and everyone will speak about this problems in say:EDIT2: Lowering shadows and/or turning them off in MWR Options makes the game somewhat smoother to play.My Gaming-rig: Asus STRIX GTX 960 DirectCU II 4 GB, Intel Core i5 4460 3,2GHz, Corsair Vengeance 32 GB DDR3 1600Mhz, Samsung 850 EVO 256 GB SSD
