I really enjoyed the campaign for this game, especially the fighter combat, Not something that has been doing in other games thats for sure. I found the story a little farfetched but believeable. If you are buying for the campaign I can thourghly recommend it. Feels like Mass Effect but Call of Duty Mix to it. Would certainly love the gun play for this in ME. If you are buying for the pvp I can say the Multiplayer is still active in DEC 2018 however the annoying part of people jet packing around with katanas and shotguns can get annoying sometimes. Its very weird to counter something coming out you from the side of a wall, around a corner and jumping down onto you. Not something normally you are used to responding to in fps games. Zombie modes is a DLC nightmare and you have to pay for it. So I will recomemend that Campaign and If you like jetpack Multiplayer this game is for you, Campaign 7/10. 6-8 hours is short.
Worth if you can get it on sale (< $20) for the campaign.
Underrated af
Alien !
Why its not working?Every time when i enter in the game and going to campaign or select a mission it doesn't
Prolly my favorite COD game since Robocod on the Amiga 500.10 / 10 would mars eternum again.
I really enjoyed the campaign for this game, especially the fighter combat, Not something that has been doing in other games thats for sure. I found the story a little farfetched but believeable. If you are buying for the campaign I can thourghly recommend it. Feels like Mass Effect but Call of Duty Mix to it. Would certainly love the gun play for this in ME. If you are buying for the pvp I can say the Multiplayer is still active in DEC 2018 however the annoying part of people jet packing around with katanas and shotguns can get annoying sometimes. Its very weird to counter something coming out you from the side of a wall, around a corner and jumping down onto you. Not something normally you are used to responding to in fps games. Zombie modes is a DLC nightmare and you have to pay for it. So I will recomemend that Campaign and If you like jetpack Multiplayer this game is for you, Campaign 7/10. 6-8 hours is short.
Worth if you can get it on sale (< $20) for the campaign.
Underrated af
Alien !
Why its not working?Every time when i enter in the game and going to campaign or select a mission it doesn't
Prolly my favorite COD game since Robocod on the Amiga 500.10 / 10 would mars eternum again.
--{Graphics}---☐ You forget what reality is☑ Beautiful☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Don‘t look too long at it☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}---☐ Addictive like heroin☐ Very good☑ Good☐ It‘s just gameplay☐ Mehh☐ Starring at walls is better☐ Just don‘t---{Audio}---☐ Eargasm☐Very good☑ Good☐ Not too bad☐Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}---☐ Kids☑ Teens☑ Adults☐ Average Solitare Players---{PC Requirements}---☐ Check if you can run paint☐ Potato☑ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boiiiiii☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulity}---☐ Just press ‚A‘☐Easy☐ Significant brain usage☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}---☐ Nothing to grind☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Isnt necessary to progress☐ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ You‘ll need a second life for grinding---{Story}---☐ If you want story, then go read a book.☐ Text or Audio floating around☐ Average depends an DLC☑ Good☐ Lovley☐ It‘ll replace your life ---{Game Time}---☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☑ Average☐ Long☐ To infinity and beyond---{Price}---☐ There is no „price“☐ Worth the price☑ If u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ You could also just burn your money ---{Bugs}---☐ Never heard of☑ Minor bugs☐ Can get annoying☐ Assassin‘s Creed: Unity☐Get a bug spray. Or more. A lot more. Or maybe a flamethrower. Or a nuke.
Help i cant join multiplayer i stuck with macth making
The campaign for Infinite Warfare is a major return to form for Infinity Ward. It's easily one of the strongest COD single player experiences on offer, with really cool side missions, a fun cast, and sublime presentation. Boosting into space doesn't get old. Really enjoyed my time with it.
I bought this for the single player campaign which I think was great and what I have come to expect from this franchise.  Good story and gameplay.  Great graphics and sound.  I also even enjoyed the space combat element.  Thumbs up !
Great sci-fi shooter/flyer! The backstory and setting is fascinating and NOT like you might expect from a CoD game.I'm not interested in the multi-player, only the single-player. So I can only speak about the latter.Action is good, although funnelled like any of the old CoD games. The missions are made more interesting by the seamless inclusion of your Jackal space fighter as well as the boots-on-deck action. There's a decent variety of weapons and thus approaches to the maps. The tossables are far more interesting than usual fare--rather than yet another grenade to be ignored you're got seeker bots, drones, anti-grav, remote bot hacking, and yes if you're boring you have grenades.The story and acting are interesting and quality. Some thinking was done. This could have easily been a stand-alone and more lengthy SP title if it weren't for the MP sucking up the resources. So it's a short SP experience--20 hours for me--with side missions that you'll want to do as the main story is terse and doesn't continue open-ended; so do take the side-missions.I'm not one for FPS, mainly because (a) most are MP (ugh) and (b) most are historical lead-throwing escapades...yawn. Not this! This is set in a future where the solar system is somewhat colonized and there's conflict between earth-controlled and break-away colony controlled areas. The space fighter segments are fun too, a major reason I bought this was having seen those being played.Feels like the backstory to The Expanse a bit. Without the weirdness. This is a human conflict.I had ignored this CoD title as yet another WWI or, ugh, WWII product with a focus on past or present navel-gazing. But I caught it on SideStrafe's stream (thanks!) and realized my mistake.I wish more CoD product went this way, since there's real imagination and creativity in this kind of setting and the attendant gameplay. Can hope I suppose.
The worst game ever made i hate it so much i wish id never bought it never buy this game9/10 Audits
Excelent and fun campaign.  If your into Sci-Fi you will love this.
Bought it because of the zombies and multiplayer.Now i can only play camaign and zombies because servers are dead :/I tried matchmaking for 30 minutes and only 1 guy joined.Sad :/But still a nice game.Zombies are propably main reason to buy this.6/10
This game is not fun, I'm serious
Why everyone so mad about this game ? It felt pretty awesome game.
Very great campaign, lots of action, well done combat and fairly good story.  Probably the most I've enjyoyed of a COD game since modern warfare.  I don't play multiplayer though, so can't say much about that.  8/10.
Actually quite fun. Especially if you hate people and wanna play against bots.I've played every CoD since the demo disk of Dawnville for CoD 1 arrived with my PC Format magazine arrived years ago.I loved it up till Ghosts and kinda got bored of it after then... I stayed away from IW when I saw it was "more CoD" but I picked up the Legacy Edition for the equivalent of $15 recently. Both IW and MWR have insanely fun bots, and I enjoy the movement in IW.As someone who loaths people, the bots are awesome.
The storyline is not very interesting and neither are the characters (except E3N - he's cool). It is similar to many Call of Duty campaigns gameplay-wise, just with some new gimmicks to keep things a little fresh. As a disclaimer, I have not played through the campaign on PC at the time of posting this review but have on console.Virtually no one plays multiplayer on PC. I'm not very surprised though, considering how poor Infinite Warfare's launch was and that it's Call of Duty multiplayer on PC. I have read on the discussions that when players  get into a multiplayer match it usually has hackers. The worst part is that the report button allegedly doesn't help. I played 100 percent hacker-free multiplayer on console some time ago and it still wasn't very good. Maybe I just sucked at the game. Anyway, do not purchase expecting a decent multiplayer experience.Zombies is easily the best mode in the entire game. It takes a more lighthearted approach this time, with the playable characters being stereotypes and the setting being a 1980's amusement park. Licensed 80's music plays throughout the park! But it is hard to hear most of the time, at least with the outdated speakers I currently use. I never really got into zombies mode for other Call of Duty titles, but for some reason IW zombies just clicked. No idea why I've enjoyed it and played it longer than all the others combined, I think it just suited my taste better or something.Contrary to popular belief, Infinite Warfare is really not a terrible game. It's not terrific, but it's not terrible at all. While some parts of it feel bland, you can still tell that some effort (for a Call of Duty game) went into the development. From a singleplayer standpoint, this gets the job done. I would recommend waiting until it goes on sale if you want to purchase it for any reason. I also recommend using an Xbox 360 controller for zombies.
Not a bad Call of Duty I enjoyed playing this game.
Good game !
Beat this on Xbox One when it first came out. Playing through again on PC now. If you go into this game knowing what to expect with no high hopes, you won't be disappointed. Honestly I enjoy every Call of Duty campaign for what they are. Weekend rentals, grab yo' popcorn, interactive Hollywood action flick. This is probably the best COD campaign since World at War or the Modern Warfare games. It at least tries some new things. Giving you control of a space fighter, allowing you to moderately choose what mission to play next, allowing optional/side missions (sadly these are some of the best missions) and adding a few new gadgets. The story is kind of nonsensical at more than a glance (like how the ♥♥♥♥ is Mars capable of that sort of industry and why would they attack Earth like that? It's not THAT far into the future) but it features actually solid character development, decent plot points though nothing unexpected and an actual decent ending that's not all golden rainbows. I don't do Zombies, if that's your thing it's as good or bad as it always is and the multiplayer is as good or bad as it always is. Nothing really new with those. Just keep in mind the game is dead online, hahs been since the second month. As is usual for all modern COD's on PC. Doesn't help the corporate monster of Activision continues to divide up it's small playerbase with half a dozen DLC's that lock you off from the rest of the communitty. If it's on sale, for $20-30 and you get what I'm saying about the campaign then honestly I think it's worth it. Though truly it's probably worth $10-15 really if you're only buying it for the campaign, which you are at this point on PC. I just for some reason found this to be one of those games I actually enjoyed yet not sure exactly why despite it's obvious flaws and my it seems like never ending complaints and gripes about the series and it's usual beats.
1 thing you can do with this game:++Basic learning: Fist yourself 1 & 2POSETIVE: +Spend hours jumping around+Almost better than minecraft+Find a good game in 10 minutes of searchingNEGATIVE:-Really low player base (like all COD games on steam)-No serverlist [Browser]-High ping when finding a game
I'm recommending this game on single player alone, never played multiplayer or zombies much.  Easily my favorite COD campaign, and I've played almost all of them since the very first game.  If you enjoy scfi FPS games then this won't disappoint.  It's one of the best.
Great setting, nice details in level, costume and weapons design.
Really Good game even tho no players are there still awesome a typical copy of call of duty black ops 3 wish ihad it tho <3
i get why a lot of people hate this game but considering i bought it for Â£3.99 off of cd keys i think it is 100% worth the money for the zombies experirnce it brings to the table. i dont like the multiplayer to this game that much but with zombies i cant really complain
Is it weird I like IW Zombies more than Black Ops 3 Zombies?
Hi Infinite Warfare Best Game For Fun :)
I loved this game despite the hate, the game was fluid and fun but did suffer from an identity crisis
Honestly, if you're a fan of the sci-fi genre, the campaign for IW is pretty fantastic.
Yo, this is like the only good COD we've had since Black Ops 2, pick it up on sale, <20.
I love the campaign on this. just the right amount of science fiction and there's no weird plot spikes that come out of nowhere (looking at you and your love interests Blops 3) Zombies wasn't bad either but all in all, i enjoyed it
Actually a good game. The singleplayer is really good, and the zombies mode is insanely fun. It has loads of camp, 80s music and David Hasselhoff, what else could you want? Multiplayer is dead though, and was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to begin with, so get it on sale for the other two modes.
CoD will never disappoint me
This game has hit meme level
Really enjoyed the single player campaign.  Multiplayer, not so much.
Very good game !!
Campaign wise, this is an actual good game. Great Story, Great Campaign, i enjoyed it. The Multiplayer is a bit lacking but it's no different than the rest CoD's.
fun game
gud
For the current sale (Nov 2018) at $20, the singleplayer campaign is enjoyable!
nice and fun!!
multi is dead, i activate the game too late lolits still good single player game. I am reviewing this to get the task completion to get the nomination badge
I think this game is the best cod game ever. Magnificent singleplayer and space feeling.  Leave multiplayer aside and enjoy story in space. If you are interested in space dont miss this game. This game is the best space game that they can do. The game like a film. Also zombi mode is enjoyfull too. So so awesome singleplayer. Play it.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare in my opinion is a great game with a good story....But... I can't stress enough on the hackers and cheaters when they get caught on cam and never get banned immediately.It does kill the game rather quickly if these problems never get resolved.It would be nice if there were more players that had the extra dlc maps... but why should they get them if they get pummeled by the cheaters and are never able to enjoy the game.If your a Lonewolf I would only recommend this game for the story and if you don't mind so much the hackers that have not been dealt with yet.If you have a group of honest friends to play with I would recommend this game.I'm still enjoying this game and having fun even though there is a shortage in gamers/players.Have Fun And Happy Gamming!Regards -Bishop L Dragon-
good
I did only play the Campain and it was fun. Alot better than the previous ones. More Open Areas, ways to flank the Enemy and the Boost Jumping was nearly never neccessary, so it was not annoying. AI is still dumb af. Only negative I can say about the game is that in the penultimate Level the Bots are very annoying. And in some Scenes the Helmet is not rendered outside 65 fov. Its good for the Sp but not more, so if you get it for a good Price and just want to Shoot something you can have fun for 7-8 h.
lovely
Amazing story and gameplay, but multiplayer is a bit bad. It can't be compared with older Call of Duty games but still a great game
Great game, best zombies. Fast pace. Great graphics. Had fun with it.
Amidst the bad reputation when it was released, it's actually good. Just needs more players so mathmaking doesn't take forever.
Worth it.
Good Campaign!
Best COD ever, â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ haters
Very good campaign. Haven't tried the multiplayer.
I do not know why people hated it, but this is very unique experience. Specialist mode of the game is amazing to play.
gO0D D@Y fLAsHY MaMm@LS
RIP Ethan ğŸ˜ªğŸ’”
I'll say it again and again, I don't come for the multi-player, most every COD multi-player is the same. The only reason I come for the campaign is because thatâ€™s the foundation that COD was built on. If you have ever played COD 2, then I'm sure you agree that the single player is where the strength of the series truly lays.	I must say, this is one of the best single player FPS campaigns I have played in a long time. The story is good, the whole Earth vs Mars scenario is simple but makes sense, it plays out really well. And this COD has one of the best collection of casts/performances I have seen in a long time. Whoever came up with the idea for the completely sci-fi driven experience, (to the point it might feel a little familiar to Wing Commander or Mass Effect fans) it must have been a hard sell, because it feels nothing like COD. To that point, I think the publishers answer was â€œhey, really cool, but lets slap the Call of Duty title on it just to be safeâ€�.	With all that in mind, it does play like any COD, running and shooting with the addition of these flight sections. The flight sections play out like Starfox, you are restricted to a 360 space to dog fight or you take control of a â€œrail shooterâ€�. These sections are simple, but still fun and add to the sci-fi element nicely. The level design is also slightly different with a short lived section where you are in charge of the main ship and get to choose your missions. It breaks things up nicely, making the campaign feel a little more lateral, just a little. 	Overall, the small differences mentioned above coupled with the well executed presentation keep things fresh enough to be one of the best Call of Duties out there. Unfortunately, at the time of writing, this game holds a $60 price tag. If you are like me and you buy these titles for the single player, then it will feel way too short to justify without a discount. I enjoyed it that much I almost could recommend it for full price, but again, not enough content. If FPS or sci-fi games are your jam, then keep an eye on it.
Got this a while back with MWR and only just tried it. Ya know what for the amount of hate this game got it's probably the best of all the futuristic ones they released. Fun single player. Didnt play the MP but SP was good.
It's sort of bizzare to me the amount of hate this game received.  Maybe the multiplayer is offensively bad, but I'm here for the single player campaign.  And this is the most enjoyable dudebro military shooter I've played in a long time.There are a few minor rough spots like story/pacing can feel disjointed between missions.  And I wasn't thrilled with the space dogfights here - it seems like they hadn't quite worked out the kinks yet.But I picked it up on sale and I feel like I really got a lot of bang for my buck.
Really good game
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare....its modern call of duty.....end of review. Actually this game despite being the goofy modern jet packing and wall running run and gun game plagued with microtransactions is still enjoyable. What? Yes. You heard me right, it actually fits the setting with the sci-fi future gameplay, so its kind of appropriate....well the pay to win crap isnt but the gunplay is fine for the setting (even though I personally prefer boots on the ground). The singleplayer is the defining part of this game however, in part because the multiplayer is hot garbage, but all the same its one of the better single player campaigns Call of Duty has ever had....(yes I'm serious and heres why). So full disclosure, the story is literally Killzone 1-3 compressed and with less character development (so its good)....no I'm not joking, the story is almost exactly the same....play both trust me. Second the setpieces and design is absolutely beautiful, diverse environments, beautiful graphics, and some definite unique gameplay quirks only possible with a sci fi theme. This brings me to the Jackal combat (small fighter spacecraft), its almost worthy of its own game, its polished, it feels like HawX or something, and the missions are all pretty unique for the spacebattles (best are the hybrid ones). Now for the bad for the story, the villians are the "we are bad hurp derp" kind of cliche and the main character cast is the diverse cast of cardboard cliches and the pacing is disrupted by the "freechoice" Mass Effect style mission selection. All in all though, I have to full recommend this game, yes Call of Duty is dying but.... *puts on sunglasses* DEATH IS NO DISGRACE.  *music cues* YYEEEEAAAAAHHH!!!
Awesome SinglePlayer!!!! Please add Co-op !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also, add Campaign space maps in MultiPlayer...! Is the Europe server on??? I can't find any multiplayer match, It could have Random Match option!!!..... Please set the Ping Limit to 900ms...... (Greece : 500ms) Please respond, over...Posted: 5 Nov 2018	Updated: 8 Dec 2018Updated: 9 Dec 2018
Hello,i just want to know if i can purchase salvage points in order to buy weapon skins in zombies and in multiplayer because you know it is hard to get many salvage points in this game. thank you for your support.
console balance sucks on pchalf health and slow health recharge is the only way to play
This is nice......!!!!!!! The game does not have many players, so I can not join nothing.! Custom Multiplayer Games should have option to create a public or lan, internet online match and multiplayer maps in space!!!!!! It needs a Server/room/match Browser, for finding a specific match...!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It would be awesome if it had Co-op mode in Campaign missions!!! (It always shows me 'can not establish secure connection to host') I hope a developer of this game to see that!!!!!
Outstanding storyline & graphics, developers really put so much efforts into this project, kudos to them.My only issue with this game isn't about the overall game at all, instead it's a matter with its "CoD" title.
Very enjoyable campaignLooks stunningSuperb voice actingZombies in Spaceland
This is the first time i learned not to always join some hate or even love bandwagon of something. Say what you want about this game. But, the campaign is absolutely solid from most of the aspects. This is easily one of the longest COD campaign i've ever played and the first that includes side missions which is very creative for a linear game. Sadly the multiplayer is kinda unenjoyable since it's nothing really special. But, the zombie mode is still decent and even greater with your friends. I gave this game 8.5/10 for the campaign alone. At this point i would recommend getting for the campaign only for 67% off. Trust me, don't always follow a bandwagon. You would be sorry.
Campaign and Zombies are probably the most fun in the series, multiplayer has nearly nothing but hackers though.
So first things first, I only played the Campaign. It took me 7.5 hrs to beat on Regular difficulty. I honestly loved it, the aerial gameplay was smooth and gave you just the right amount of control over the jet. I couldn't find any reviews on the campaign itself, but it was outstanding in my opinion. How you feel about this game is going to be completely dependant on what you expect. If you're wanting a traditional COD game you probably won't like it. This is extremely sci-fi and the majority of the game takes place in space. If you're into games like that then it's amazing. The game's description doesn't do much to tell you what it's about, so I'll try to sum it up both with and without spoilers.The game begins on Earth & goes into space pretty quickly. Your main enemy is a martian colony that hates how much earth is free & whatever, and their army is completely diehard. You're just doing your best.Spoiler timeThis game had a ton of feels & the ending was good enough to make me cry. But no game is worth $60.00 lmao so get it on sale.
literally the worst waste of money in my life, still funny graphics from 2011, 19/10
Infinite Awesome.
its very nice shoting game.
This is a great game i have it on console but my main problem is that when zombies loads it will get half way through the video and then close or if i go back to the main menu the game will just freeze up
its very well done. Take it if you like science ficcion.
Good game fun 2 play it
Only good campaign the less are useless
I only played the single player campaign, to be honest, but I still had fun playing the game.Sure I bought it for 10€/$/Pounds/whatever, but I didn't regret it at all.The campaign was entertaining and pretty solid written for a CoD-Game.Sure it has a lot of pathos and patriotism and the villain is pretty generic, but still, they really tried to make an entertaining story with pretty descent characters.The flight scenes were pretty fun too, even though they were very repetitive (shoot other fighters, shoot fighter Ace, Shoot Cruiser, thats it, end of mission).From a graphical standpoint I can't complain.The Cutscenes look gorgeous, and in-game also.Voice acting and the Soundtrack in general is, with the Gunsounds pretty top-notch, but I expected that from a CoD-Game.They always were pretty distinctive, when it comes to sound, music, and Voice-Acting.All in All, I had a lot of fun playing the SP, and you won't regret it for 10 Bucks, but I would understand, when people paid much more for it and got dissapointed.
Two reasons to get this game: the awesome zombie mode and the campaign.Multiplayer is just dead, so just forget about it.The devs were trying to do something a bit different here, and you've got to commend them for that. The campaign fully delivers on that promise, taking the battlefield to outerspace and includes some unforgettable set pieces. Gameplay-wise it's still Call of Duty, but the weapons are either ballsitic or laser weapons to really mix things up. Also lots of spaceship dogfights. Very cool.Having said that, the Call of Duty purchasing community loves their FPS action in boots-on-the-ground format with little variation, so unfortunately this game will be committed to the annals of history - which is a pity because it has a cool and  interesting campaign, and even more enjoyable zombie mode.I honestly played the zombie mode more than anything else. The SpaceLand map is just an awesome nostalgia blast for anyone who was a kid in the 1980s. Worth the purchase price even just for that really. Activision have included some of their Atari 2600 back-catalogue into a playable in-game arcade - just in case you want to get your "barnstorming" on :)Only real negative is that for some reason my antivirus gives this game hell and I can almost guarantee you will have problems unless you disable your antivirus. Nobody tells you this. Why? oh why?
I have played the game and it is fun, but the game crashes everytime I try to play zombies or multiplayer.
best call of duty since 2012s bo2
Amazing game, nothing complicated, gets to the point, fast multiplayer joining, I love you Infinite Warfare ♥ I will allow you to change my mind, but this game will always be the best Call of Duty in history!
Nice atmospherics in this game, heard the campaign is good, MP is fun, active in North America. Only disappointment, frame rates are capped around 90 so there may be issues running the game well in higher resolutions, esp on laptops.  I was getting freezes on laptop so until I lowered out the resolution to something below 1920, it kept on freezing.
Got this game only for sci-fi theme.And I'm not disappointed.Solid 12 hours single player campaign.Reminded me Mass Effect sometimes...ah good old times.
This game's campaign is so much better than Advanced Warfare. I didn't even bother finishing AW's campaign because of how boring it was. I take back what I said negatively about this game a few years back.I can't say much about the multiplayer because I don't play COD for that. I'm only here for the campaigns. Still, The Modern Warfare series still has the best campaign out of all the COD campaigns.
Best game !
The best game in the series; one of the very few games to make me downright emotional. Builds on the expansions of Advanced Warfare to create a true step forward for CoD campaigns.
Peace To The Fallen o7
Awesome campaign! A bit of COD meets Battlestar Galactica. Brief though, so get it on sale.
Call of Duty in space turned out to be quite interesting (at the beginning reminded movie Interstellar), single-player campaign has a good storyline. The game added the mechanics of jet jumps and running on the walls from Titanfall. Also, by tradition, there is a zombie mode. Multiplayer is good, there are no bugs with bad FPS as in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered. The only minus is cheaters, but this has already become normal for all Call of Duty. Game is good.Call of Duty в космосе получилась довольно интересной (в начале напомнила фильм Interstellar), одиночная кампания имеет хороший сюжет. В игру добавили механику реактивных прыжков и бег по стенам из Titanfall. Также по традиции присутствует зомби режим. Мультиплеер хорош, нету багов с просиданием FPS как в Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered. Единственный минус это читеры, но это уже стало нормой для всех Call of Duty. Вцелом игра хорошая.
gg
Its a really smooth playing game and the netcode is phenomenal. multiplayer is pretty dead but the zombies community is still active.
great game
Damn goood single player campaing
I can't do one of those big Pro/Con reviews, but here goes.CampaignFun, however not very challenging overall.THe story was pretty okay, but some characters acted dumb at some points. The credits were great.Multiplayerno oneis onlineZombiesa lot of fun, but there are quite a few glitches and they kinda stopped patching them a while back. I would complain about the boxes, but you can use glitches and farm unending keys so it doesn't really matter.I bought the season passit isn't worth itdon'tbuy it on sale or sthI dunnoit was fun I'm not very critical
Just as bad as everyone says but ill play it because im ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
I did not touch multiplayer in this game, and let’s be honest if you buy COD on PC for multiplayer then you are a dumbass because that player base dies in less than a week. So my positive review is for campaign. I honestly love all COD campaigns for their simplicity and spot on scripted events. I don’t care about story/characters/setting/whatever because come on...its COD, you want all those things? Play Withcer 3 or something. But I must say this campaign is best of them all right next to Black Ops. This game gave me a taste of what a FPS RPG could be if done right (I’m talking side missions and stuff). And I know I said that I didn’t care about character development, but Goodman it did I feel them feels for that Robot guy :'(Moral of the story is buy it cheap for campaign and enjoy but that’s it, anything else is...COD
This review is about the Campaign and Bots multiplayer.I've only got about 2.8 hours in this game thus far, but trust me when I say that I plan to play this a lot more.The most recent COD I played was Ghosts - which I found a lot of fun.Infinite Warfare, I find even more fun - I'm a big space fan and the idea of battling our own Earthly colonies shines brightly in my mind.To put it simply, I love the campaign. All the scenes so far have not failed to impress - and the bots offer the same style of gameplay we've come to expect from CoD, and a lot of fun as well.It's a DEFINITE yes, from me.
Can't complain about the gameplay but the graphics...
The plaw was fun becaouse i could only go for three shoots in the night!!!!!
I love this game, it's a really good game but the only problem with it is that it is very glitchy for me. The game keeps crashing, like when i try to change my options and when a game is finished. The game can't neither remember my settings.I don't know if its something with just my game or my computer.Otherwise is the game fantastic, a little hard in the beginning but its still fun to play.Hope I helped.:)
The story is great, cannot say I've enjoyed a campaign more than this one. Zombies is meh if you want good zombies play black ops 3 it has more maps and is more fun. MP is utter crap, hackers and empty servers are the only 2 things you'll see.
I enjoyed my time with this game. Fight me! Zombies in spaceland is good. The only huge problem is it's a Cod game on pc so its online is dead. If you like zombies I recommend. I'd give it 6.5/10.
I waited a long time to buy this game and got a major discount. All because I listened to all the negative opinions this game got right after the release.THEY COULDN'T HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG ABOUT THIS GAME!!!It is the most amazing game in CoD history. Up until now, the Modern Warfare trilogy was my favorite, it all changed today.The story (OMG the story...), the fresh gameplay style, a bit of non-linearity and finally for the first time in a CoD game - a sense of connection to the characters. It's the first CoD game that actually got me emotional, especially about the --SPOILER--.Haven't experienced any problems at all. The standard switch to borderless to smooth out the cutscenes doesn't count. I consider it among basics set up tasks for any late CoD game.My biggest regret is listening to all those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who downvoted this game to hell... It kept me away from this amazing piece of art for 2 years...I wish there was a "HELL YES!!!" button under the "Do you recommend this game?".
please helpin multiplayer game crash and lobby have a black screen

Decent graphics, epic music, good campaign with interesting story. Multi: don't know, don't care.
Okay first of all the game just like the 2 CoD that came before is not a perfect PC game, it has a bug where you get stuck at the loading screen, to fix disable your Antivirus and open the game and activate the antivirus once you exit the game, but compared with the stupidâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥optimization of BO 3 that can not go over 60 FPS and the laggy campaign of AW that requires multiple fixes to run somewhat smooth this loading screen problem is nothing.And yeah I recommend it because it is way better than BO3, the campaign is really fun and enjoyable, the characters are alright dont know why everyone dislikes the characters, I dont care about multiplayer so i can not say if it is good or what but zombies are pretty damn great actually I did enjoy zombies mode here more than in BO3. The game is really good created by infinity ward (CoD : Modern Warfare saga) and back in 2016 it was "cool" to hate this game but those are just stupid people that didnt give it a chance, would play the campaign again and zombies by infinity ward forever.
This is one of the best CoD's I have played in a long time. The zombies mode gave me that feeling of joy again. I haven't felt that way since World at War Nazi Zombies. The Black Ops Zombies modes were alright. To me they just lacked a fun factor. With this I have my fun factor back. I mean I get to play through an amusement park. Plus it's almost more fun dying and trying to play the minigames to come back to life than actually killing zombies. That is until you realize that you can play the arcade games inside of the arcade while you are alive you just have to be careful of dying. Haha. The story, from what I have played of it, isn't bad. I really enjoy playing it. I know this game isn't for everyone but it's still pretty fun for me. I do like the cast of this games story. I will update this post once I complete the story. I haven't completed a CoD single player since Modern Warfare 2. So if you are waiting for my review of single player mode it might be awhile. The games online aspect is a bit dead with Black Ops 3 and WW2 seeming to take over everyones time. But you can occasionally find an online match. Zombies online is pretty much dead. So unless you know someone else that has the game and is looking to play or you have someone there with you that can play using a controller it might not be worth your time if you are only looking to play the zombies mode.
The campaign is meh. The multiplayer is dead.Zombies is fun.If you don't like zombies avoid this game.It's worth buying if you like zombies.
Good storyline, and the best zombies ever.
I dont know why people hate this game so much.. It's great game, I recomended to try it.Great story, great Zombies mode, and Multiplayer its good.
My review of this game is: ð�—£ð�—¢ð�—¦ð�—œð�—§ð�—œð�—©ð�—˜Although it has been critized on many many points, i actually liked the game. Now while its far from realistic and thee antagonists are kind of bland, its a pretty good game. The price is a bit high so i would say only pick it up while its on sale or if you can get it cheaper from some 3rd Party. - Jumpy
I liked the campaign .. It has pretty expected but bold ending! Zombie mode is a nice twist. Buy on discount!
Don't believe all the reviews - The campaign in Infinite Warfare is the strongest in the series since MW2. Likable characters and some great set-pieces. The movement system is far beyond the Treyarch CoDs and just feels great to play. This CoD didn't get a fair shot at launch; a shame, as it is one of the most enjoyable.
10/15 y u hate bruh?    good game.
I picked this game up for $20 during a steam sale and honestly I haven't really cared about Call of Duty multiplayer since Modern Warfare...I picked this up because the campaign seemed generally interesting and honestly I think this is probably one of the better FPS campaigns I've played in a while. The "lol COD sucks" meme squad that trashed this game genuinely missed out on a solid FPS experience, there have admittedly been better FPS campaigns in the last couple of years (Doom, Titanfall 2 and Prey come to mind) but there were a lot of risks taken here and my biggest gripe is that they didn't go further.The space flight is servicable but never reaches the level it should and the ability to set your loadouts for each mission is something I genuinely have enjoyed, especially in the optional side missions that give you a chance to utilize stealth if you so choose. Overall the campaign is a nice mix of The Expanse and Battlestar Galactica that is held back by the fact that it is still trying to be another run of the mill Call of Duty campaign, the risks that the developers took shed light on so many new avenues for this franchise to go from a single player perspective.I'm probably in the minority in that I came to this game for the single player but it is genuinely an enjoyable experience and definitely worth picking up on a sale. I won't vouch for the multiplayer since I personally prefer other FPS games for my multiplayer fix.
I almost believed the reviews on this page and stayed away from this game. But From my experience it is a very solid game definetly a "very positive" review range game, not a "mostly negative"  game ,which I speculate is mainly from bandwagon haters.PROS1. I have not experienced any hackers in my 10 hours playing2. I have not experienced any optimization issues as I run the game at 75 fps ultra settings with a I7 and a GTX 1060 6GB3. The game is one of the best call of duty games(great maps, good guns and bullet damage, decent spawning(some instances of getting spawned on top of other people but very rare)CONS1. The DLC guns are a bit overpowered, you can beat people who use them with regular guns but if they are a good shot its not easy.2.Some people dont like the jetpack although I personally dont mind it(I originally hated the jetpack but playing team tactical mode that doesnt have the jetpack actually made me want to go play with the jetpack)3.  Should be less expensive as it is now an old game OVERALLIts good game with little to no optimization issues and from what Ive encountered little to no hackers.If you like call of duty its definetly worth playing. Get it on sale so maybe activision wont keep their games 60 bucks for 8 years
Mars Aeternum
A ton of work put into this, no need for negative reviews here. Good game
I can't speak for the multiplayer but the campaign is excellent if you care for that side of CoD.
It really stands out from other game series by being an  equivalent in the world of gaming which means epic,  but also typical hero-type guy as the main character and plot full of cliche, pseudo-emotional scenes. You can like it or not but you gotta admit - it's done well. When it comes to gunfight, it's pretty similar as in every other COD, what feels fresh is the fact that it takes place in space.  and nicely executed and requires suprising amount of skill on higher difficulty levels.If you want to try multiplayer, you're out of luck because it's If you played every other COD game and enjoyed it or like space operas, you are not going to be dissapointed.
I really enjoyed the campaign....the only steady positive of these games.....
lol at the bandwagon hate. its a fun game, campaign is entertaining so what more do you want.
This review, atends directly to the call of duty developers and the call of duty fans comunity...I have played this game for more than 450 times, i have played the campaign for 14 times anly in specialist dificulty, and i have prestiged once until i recieved and crafted all the epic weapons i like. I didn't play too much the zombies anyway. I love the campaign, it was the by far the most intence, special and unique campaign i ever played. The protagonist Nick Rayes played by Brian Bloom, got me really in the mood of the story. To be concrete i loved the entire game. The game doen't load the high textures i ordered it to do, and the best resolution for it is 1336 x 768 without scaling. In nividia graphics card GTX 1050 low profile it runs with a 75 frames, but in my previous graphics card it runs with 30 - 48 with less failures to load textures and some details like ( my helmet's broken parts in the lunar port mission and in the last mission ). the game actually fits in most operating systems. i would highly recoment it to everyone. but also i think that the comuninty should apreciate the rare game that has been releaced for her. and also will have to change and be more acceptive to new ideas developed. Ohh... something else, the idea with the jackals to fly was awesome. i would highly recomend more games to have these first person flying modes in the future and the specialist dificalty as well. my best wishes and i am thankfull i could have this game in my life
A lot of the hate that Infinite Warfare got was purely bandwagon. This is a great game with a fresh multiplayer and a pretty good campaign.
b3st gayme evar 11/10 ign suck the ink out my pen dab
An amazing job on campaign, I enjoyed from start to finish.Truly an emotional story .Actors and developers did great job .I still hate activision tho.Infinity Ward is truly amazing. I actually liked futuristic setting for call of duty. I just hate the fact that activision is the publisher.
I liked this more than CODWW2. Great campaign. Graphics look GOOOOOOOOD. Im playing this at 4k and by GOD its GOOOOOOD Love the Robot humor. I would like to see something based on maybe a mordern day north korea war or about internal injustice system some conspiracy type of thing but in current times maybe 2020 ???? But this COD is a must play. Buy it. I loved it.
I only played the singleplayer. And it's really great, one of the best sci fi singleplayer shooters without any RPG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t out there. And there aren't many. The whole setting makes a lot of fun, you can fly space ships, control Mechs (Androids) and stuff like that, it's just refreshing to see something different.Can't say anything about the mp since I'm a singleplayer guy, but if you're looking for a great military sci fi experience, try this game. Ignore the enemy faction, they're stupidly written.
xd
I don't get it why so much of the negative reviews, this is definitly one of the good COD's out there and different from others. Such amazing campaign.
Second time I played this game (this time on my PC). I could do this all day, and it is rarely that you can find a gem like this (regardless of the "Mostly Negative" reviews).The story is amazing, I enjoyed every part of it and thus the reason of playing it again, though a little short.The character development amazing as well, we see a Lieutenant strugle with decisions yet always takes them in an altruistic manner (also, while in character development, Ethan you beautiful mo'fo).The graphics are superb, not ubiquitous, which is egregious. I'm just showing off...I hadn't encountered any bugs in 12 hours of playing, which makes the game have a particular glow in my eyes.Consequently, I wholeheartedly recommend this game and its adventure into the void of space.
Beautiful story  10/10
Congratulations. That was a good storytelling. Good character-building too. SFX and music great as usual. Very different gameplay from what CoD usually is, but was fine in it's own borders.
i bought this game and it dosent work for some reason because it keeps on crashing whenever i launch the game then i hve to restart the computer by the power so someone please help me
All the negative reviews about this game being poorly optimized or game not finding are â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t at least in europe. But the real problem is that how OP the controller aim assist is, like it's straight up aimbot. also hitreg is trash but it hardly matters in as casual game as this.
IW is one of the most underrated games of all time. Why? Because everyone slams it without legitimately trying it. There was release drama surrounding the game's setting, following the newer "advanced movement" CODs Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3. Difference here was the game takes place off of earth, a first for the franchise. Along with that fans wanted a return to the series roots. "Boots on the Ground" became a buzzword for hating on IW, and it's trailer became one of the most disliked videos on YouTube. While it still sold well it lead to Sledgehammer Games convincing Activision to take the series back to where it started: WWII. Advanced movement and the futuristic setting lead to the hate, but what about the game itself? Does it function well, does it execute or add anything to the COD format? This is a review of the single player. Multiplayer is a lower point for the series and while Zombies here is fantastic it's not what I'll be focusing on.Gameplay:Most of the game takes place in normal first person like the rest of the series. Two weapons at a time, kill the enemies and move up, but here they spiced up the level design and gameplay a bit. Like IW and BO3 you can double jump, and IW's level design takes this into account. The battlefields you traverse add a lot of verticle leg room allowing you to flank enemies or get to a new vantage point easily take them out. Wanna use your machine gun from behind cover like old CODs? You're welcome to. Wanna jump up to an onning and shoot through a window with a sniper or instead? You have that choice. Like BO2 you can customize your loadout before a mission which is a nice touch. IW has robotic enemies to the mix like BO3 but here they're mostly more human and you'll encounter them more often. What this adds is a layer to combat. Robots are harder to kill with normal ammo, and injuring them puts them in a self destruct mode where they chase you. You can grab different grenade types throughout the missions, some better against robots some better against humans. Make the choice to depending on what you may be facing. Giant robots are also combatants, and they act more as mini bosses. There are also a few anti gravity secions that allow full floating movement but they're few and far between. Outside of the grounded FPS gameplay there are space dogfights. They're handled extremely well, allowing you free movement and a few weapons to dispatch enemy ships. These are really fast paced and satisfying, and they have a non linear feel giving you many objectives at once. Something new to the table here is your mother ship which plays like a HUB. Outside of story missions you get a list of optional missions you can choose to complete if you want. These add a lot of game time to your run, and if you don't want to do them they're optional. You can also get infor on missions, events and characters in your office which is a great touch. Going to a story mission isn't even just selecting it and it starts; you go through the ship talking to team members and getting your loadout before entering your ship to head off to the mission. A great touch that adds immersion to the package.Presentation:The game looks really good and runs beautifully depending on your hardware. Running an i7, 16gb DDR4 and a 1080 and the game runs with almost no hiccups. There was a moment entering the ship before a mission where the framerate went down but other than that it functions flawlessly during gameplay.Music is good but nothing great, just adds a cinematic score to the atmosphere of the situation. Voice talent is perfect though. All the performances are great and give the game personality. Writing is also top notch which we haven't had in an IW game yet IMO. Their plots have always had some major flaws or were overly dramatic but the feeling and weight of the story is perfect here. Nobody is overly written, their dialogue matches the situations they're in, like BO2 there are third pre rendered cinematic cutscenes which helps the storytelling and the cyborg Ethan provides great comic releif and is one of the better characters in the series despite being a robot. Overall presentation is great and adds to the storytelling the most since BO2.Conclusion:Overall it has great gameplay and great production values. It often doesn't feel like COD but more of a new series. It sucks we'll never get a follow up along these lines but this is easily the best of the futuristic CODs going solely but single player. If the multiplayer on offer here was better it'd easily be one of the best of the series. IF you're looking for a great single player FPS to give occasional multiplayer time to and enjoy Zombies you'll love IW.
The game itself is good, i would recommend to everyone!9/10BUT!In my case the game is crashing overtime wich is very bad and dissapointing.(the game runs on max settings 60+fps so it can't be the specs of my pc.) I've tried to fix it, i read many solution ways, but the problem is still on. If the developers see this, please fix this problem becouse many people can't play "thanks" to this problem,even in champaing or multiplayer.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is a single player and multiplayer game, in short it is a first person shooter very well done. But what I did not like here was some bugs at the beginning of the game and even on the end, but did not it was a great headache that I solved it is not bad playu.Povestea the game I loved much, especially the idea of conquering terriers and planets.Super Tare.
It's Honestly a great game for its zombies/campaign multiplayer is iffy if you were just looking for multiplayer I don't suggest it much and the only main problem I can find is the fact it's basically fully abandoned if you want somebody to play with you could ask me sometime but there are other few players I'd say personally this game was super underated causing up to this point even look the digital deluxe something that came out later is rated alot better than this which means it was mainly the players who actually played it without immedantly leaving because it's the third futuristic game why couldn't it deserve the same chance that adavanced and black ops 3 recieved I very much suggest this game
Good for the single player campaign!
The storyline is what you expect from a COD game, it had a good storyline, a whole lot of shooting and a robot.Zombie and Multiplayer I'll play another time.
it says write a review... i dont even have the game
It's okay I guess. I really like Space♥♥♥♥♥♥Getting a lot of Space♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game. Mulitplayer is cancer howeverOnly Shotguns D:
Disclaimer: This review is only Singleplayer Wise, I'm not rating Multiplayer, just because I'm not fan of CoD Multiplayer since BO.By me, The most anticipated and Un-Judgly Hated CoD and much better then both newest installments. For fans of Filmic FPS shooters and Sci-Fi at all is MUST HAVE, Story is wonderfull, even better then Modern Warfare 2 (unfortunately not better then Black Ops 2, but that's really bigchallenge) Pros:+Great Story+Nice Variety of Missions, both Primary and Secondary Missions+Great Characters (even when SJW is present but greatly and AUTHENTICALY IMPLEMENTED, right BFV, I? Right CoD WWII?.+Great Gun sounds+ABSOLUTELY WONDERFULL SoundtrackCons: - Since this is first CoD on New Engine (at least for what IW and Activision said) optimisation is kinda poor- Jackal Strikes (Space Fighter missions) are good, but didn't came to my taste actually.Fun Fact: Many Refferences for many Sci-Fi Series (BSG, Stargate (lil' bit), Farscape, etc.) in characters and even in Cast (Claudia Black (Vala Mal Doran - SGC, Aeryn Sun - Farscape).
Main campaign wasn't much, but I enjoyed the scenery and some mechanics. Despite the negative reviews, I think my 3€ was well spent.
When Infinite Warfare initially came out I'm gonna be honest... I didn't like it. I went right back to BO3. However after the BO4 beta ended I re-downloaded the game and I have to say I've been having a lot of fun playing it! Gonna keep playing till BO4 releases!
I really liked the campain of Infinite Warfare. Graphics are a bit outdated but Infinity Ward created some cool atmosphere.Full price is a bit too much for the classic ''Call of Duty-formula'' because they did not change that much to the game formula when it comes to storytelling,gameplay etc. (So i bought it with much discount)Besides that i had some great hours with the game.Production value is enormous and gunplay is just fun.(like always)Did not enjoy the multiplayer because there are games out there that i like much better.So when it's on a huge discount buy it if you like a diverting sci-fi experience :))
This is the most beautiful and entertaining cod campaign i've ever played, even with the present game breaking glitches and bad performance.Multiplayer is meh, rather play COD4
This game should get more love. Stop comparing, just enjoy it. The multiplayer was eh but the zombies and the mwr was really good and worth it
The game is great but doesnt support mulri player which is a bit gay
Despite what people say about the game. The Campaign is amazing. Ethan = Chappie 2.0
sad ending rip reyes :(
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare features an amazing campaign which is also touching on an emotional level. You care for the characters.. at least I did. This is what makes this game for me... but.... and there is a huge but...There are still bugs after roughly 2 years that were never fixed and that really have an impact on the gameplay. For example there is a bug which you may or may not encounter during Operation Burn Water where your ship is simply not moving thus ther is no option for you to complete the mission other then A> Starting all over again and Hoping you don't get stuck again or B> load a "third party" save file which skips the mission.Another terribly annoying "bug" is FPS drops during cut scenes. While my pc handles the game and all it's action scenes perfectly at 60 fps the framerate drops immensly during cut scenes (and these are important throughout the story).Overall I highly recommend this game, even with these trial and errors.. however just keep it in mind it may spoil some of the fun.
simple fix: make the DLC seprately purchasable or if you're feeling nice make it free and add local co-op with controllers and finally make offline mode a thing on PC cmon dont let this game go to waste oh yeah also the servers
Probably the most cinematic, action packed, and polished single player game ever made.
Call of Duty goes to spaaaaaaaace! I got this for like a fiver, the campaign was pretty fun, forgettable ultimately but fun while it lasted. This series is the McDonalds of video games...junk food basically but enjoyable every once in a while. I think this is the first COD to give you the choice to do side missions inbetween the main missions as well. I enjoyed the space theme and you get to go to Mars so if you like space games it's pretty good. I didn't bother with the multiplayer so can't speak on it.
Got myself a cheap key for 3,29€ on some grey market site, no regrets. This is a very fun game, I only played multiplayer at this point but I had a lot of fun it's very fast paced FPS gameplay. Unfortuanetly there are not that many players so you can only play Team Deathmatch. At least I didn't see any obvious cheaters in the game (like in MW3 where every lobby you have knub cheater!)This game is for some reason 80GB, it took me over a whole week to download...I found out I always have to disable my anti virus scan whenever I start the game, otherwise the main menue will just be black and I can't join any lobby.I really recommend this game if you buy cheap key like I did!
Wonderful game except the player base is tinier than my peepee
Great gameplay and story! single player modeI dont care about multiplayer/online modeand for those with garbage PC, try to play it on a real PC and you dont gonna have any problem with this game
pew pew pew pew
Wonderful game, all my friends told me it was bad but when i got my hands on it i loved it, multiplayer isnt that fun and should not be the main focus of the game. The main focus should be zombies, zombies was a great and im my opinion better the all other cod's zombies. Single player is also great on learning how to aim or use exo suits not really going to spoil so jump in and enjoy :DBe sure to comment with any questions
Nearly 2 years after release and you still need to disable your antivirus to play campaign
Two things first.1 - I picked this up on sale NOT full price2 - I play COD for the campaigns not the multiplayerSo based on that, I enjoyed the hell out of this and it's probably the best single player COD experience I've had.  A very cool supporting cast along for the ride with you and while I only spent about 8hrs in the world I was surprisingly invested in it all. Stunning to look at and a really great story with lots of gameplay variety. Only negative? As someone who hasn't seen Game of Thrones I really wasn't buying Kit Harrington as the big bad. In his defence tho I did come to this straight from Advanced Warfare which had Kevin Spacey turned up to 11.Glad I picked it up. Will definitely be going back for another playthrough in the near future.
As always...fun game but the community...oh boy...i think that on pc the cod franchise has the worse community ever....only players that play like as*, full of campers, trash talkers, and all that shi* so yeah, don't blame the game blame the player...but what should you do if the player if a fuc**ing ret***ard? i think you can't do much so yeah.
Star wars battlefront 3
Call of Duty:  Halo... what's not to like?
Same awesome mechanics as the classic Mordern Warfare games, but with an interesting twist.Highly recommended!
ğŸ‘�
I went into this game for the campaign, and it exceeded my expectations by far. This game, although labeled COD, doesn't have a campaign like any other COD. It was amazing, innovative, and really good at tugging at the heartstrings. I would get this game once the price goes down for the campaign solely. I didn't play the multiplayer too much, but I got into a game within a minute of searching. This game wasn't as bad as people made it out to be, and if you ever get the chance to play the campaign, go for it, because it will not disappoint.
Good
If i'm honest this game isn't that bad ♥♥♥♥ i would probably say it's one of my favorite cods. idk why though. I just enjoy it.
Gud gruphic buut sht gaem
i currently have only played the Zombie Mode and i have to say its the best CoD Zombie Mode imo.
This game has the most misleading title that fans of this franchise could be easily duped by. At the end of the game  the war is over, So how is this infinite warfare. Each year the call of duty brand does this  insidious marketing scheme to trick fans into buying their new games. Another fine example is Modern warfare, The game has been out for 11 years and 2 months how is that ''modern''As an idiot i can see why fans are fuming with this franchise and why many haven't pre-ordered Black ops 4, Just how are These covert operations in the black ops series  '' Covert'' if Activision markets them publicly. While am at it, Everyone saw the trailers,reviews and played the 2013 released product so how can they have the blatant disregard to call the game ''Ghosts'' .This lunacy has been a persistent problem with this legendary product, Back in 2004 Spark Unlimited released Call of Duty:Finest Hour and fans were disgruntled. When they found out it took several hours to complete. But the most incredulous use of this bamboozling marketing came in 2013 when Activision published Call of Duty : strike team and didnt let gamers play as Wayne Rooney or Cristiano Ronaldo. From that day on fans needed to admit Activision had dropped the ball. Which brings us up to this year  in which Black ops 4 showed us the mystery box .The Mystery Box comes complete with a copy of the game in an exclusive steelbook along a whole host of goodies. These include a comic, a 1000-piece jigsaw, a phone-grip, art lithographsWho the hell is it a ''Mystery'' If we know whats inside of it.Anyways this game is fun and has some new ideas 10/10Signed: a sarcastic twit Thank you for reading
Amazing campaign , Sad ending good difficulty and best of all good design and work
Bought in the sales just to play the campaign, really enjoyed it, loads of action and good story, this game didnt deserve all the hate it got.
This game is really good and extremely underated. I understand all the hate over Jetpacks but it's really not that bad. I have played this game on PS4 aswell as PC and still find it fun with friends or alone. I also played the older COD's years ago and agree they were better but this game has an amazing campaign. The story is really good and graphics look great. The multiplayer is simple and fun with others or alone. Finally the zombies is something different and something you can play to pass the time. This is not the greates COD ever but if you can get it for a cheap price than it's worth it.
mainly play zombies love all the maps nice and open lanes easy to learn fun to play!
After beating Mephistopheles, this game is still fun I play every once and a while to do easter eggs. Most replayable zombies I have ever played but rip the 90 fps cap. 9/10
I was pleasantly surprised, since I mainly bought this game just to get MW remastered. It really doesn't deserve all the hate it's getting since the campaign was actually pretty damn good provided I was not expecting anything great. Haven't tried zombies yet since I got no friends to play it with, but all in all pretty good game if only counting the campaign.Side note: I think the multiplayer is dead so if you wanna play that don't buy this game.
This isn't the first Call of Duty game I've played if you count the ones on DS. I did not expect to enjoy a CoD game but picked it up due to the low price. I got way more than I expected.Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is CoD in space. Being in space provides more variety than you might otherwise have over the nine hours the game took me to complete. Each mission felt different, preventing the game from becoming stale. Even if this was not for a shift in gameplay it was for the different environments. There's this level on a spinning asteroid, causing a rapid day night cycle. Everything there is powered by light, including killer robots. This means everything turns off every 20 seconds. The proximity of the sun also means standing outside will kill you very rapidly.Shooting the various guns feels adequate though not having a button to swap between your two or three weapons is annoying, only scrolling works. Whenever you get shot the entire screen blurs, this can make encounters with larger amounts of enemies frustrating.This game has side missions! Some are fairly interesting, most of them are just fights in a spaceship. They all feel the same and are set up for spectacle with the lock-on feature, causing the enemy to take scenic routes. This results in enemies often being easier to kill if you ignore the lock-on feature. The problem with these missions is that completing them unlocks upgrades, this includes faster reload speeds and faster health regen. This meant that ignoring them would make other missions more annoying, doing them made the current mission more annoying.I can't say I really remember any of my squadmates aside from the robot. It's hard to feel sad when an underdeveloped character dies. Especially when everyone feels underdeveloped or perhaps just not well written enough.Essentially I would say this: Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is not a great game, but it's an enjoyable one despite this fact.
The amount of negativity this game recieved is insane. Personally I can run this game on a mediocre PC at 60 fps with most of the things on high. This game was very well made and poorly recieved being one of the best codes since bo2. Amazing Story, tho must say it was cut way too short. The multiplayer yet again suffers due to cancerous players and toxicicity which has been a plague since begining of time. The zombies is absolutely brilliant by far one of the best. So much hate at this game undeserved aswell. if any of the COD games deserve it its bo3. My rating for this game stands at a strong 9/10
Infinite Warfare has one of the best campaigns in call of duty, up there with black ops and modern warfare 2. I'd reccomend the game based on the campaign alone. The zombies is wonderful. I have not played the multiplayer. Don't really understand the hate for this game. I have seen some reviews talk about optimization issues, however, I have only had issues during cutscenes where the audio would be ahead of the video by about a second. Gameplay was smooth nonetheless, running an i5-4590 and a gtx 1070.
its not the best but after 200 hours i am still having fun in zombies or multiplayer :>
Not long enough.
i dont care what  people say about this game i still love its zombie mod the multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥but buy it for the zombie mod
This is the first COD game I've ever played. I do not like multiplayer (any game), so this will be single player review only.  Overall I liked it, the story was predictable but good. For the flying missions I felt my wingmen were completely useless. Also friendly fire should be able to be turned off, seeing as your allies run in front of you firing on a regular basis.  I got this on sale, would recommend waiting for a sale.  The negative reviews seem to all be based in multiplayer aspects, I felt single player was worth the sale price. Entertaining shooter with good graphics.
Campain is nice, Muilitplayer is not so nice
i think this game shouldnt be getting the hate its getting its a cod title and has evrything the previous games had with a better campaign the 1 problem is that ppl dont play multiplayer so youl probably be stuck in queue for hours so in conclusion if you like the cod campaign then this is the game for you
Hi everyone, I would like to share my gameplay experience on Call of Duty: Infinite warfare. As you can see, CoD: IW is more likely a "future-style" FPS game as well as Black Ops 3 and Destiny 2, this game is mainly featured the warfare in the galatic instead of in Earth. If you are fans of CoD franchise, you will love and enjoy this FPS game. I bought this game is purely for single player campaign and zombie mode. When you play campaign, you will notice that IW also featured high wall run, the fight between player and giant machines, use the jet fighter to invade and destroy the enemies' bases , as well as Black Ops 3.  If you want to reach 100% achievement, then you need to own full base game and season pass. Season pass contained both Multiplayer maps and Zombies maps.But, there is little piece of my mind about review in community. After reading the review, I honestly say IW does not deserved to receive more negative reviews. I have no idea why this game was suddenly contaminated by the wave of negative one, but to me and dare I say to everyone of you, most of negative reviews are totally bullsh!t and garbage!!! If you want to read the review that worth to referred, then look at mine and positive one. I really feel bad to Infinite warfare since they put a lot of heart and effort to make this game. 1) Gameplay: I really enjoy to play the single player campaign, use jet fighter, wall run, fight against the machines, and stealth kill. In IW, you also can customize your weapon and equipment that fit your style. Not only that, but also Zombie game is very challenging mode, if you wish to know how to something work and reach easter egg, go watch youtube as youtube got a lot of guideline. The mechanism of IW zombies is almost same with BO3 Zombies. And the veteren is totally a nightmare, good luck with it. 2) System performance: The video graphics look so nice and decent, what a masterpiece. Optimization was on good condition, never had any problem with FPS, shuttering and crashing.3) Storyline: You can treat this game as the hollywood style movie, at least you understand what the story is talking about. Based on my feeling, this game is little like star wars or Destiny 2. But Infinity ward never changed their style in making the story, there will be always some protagonists will sacrifice during commencing the mission and at the end, same with modern warfare series. 1) Multiplayer : I honestly say multiplayer is completely dead, as not so many people to play this mode anymore. If you buy this game is just for multiplayer then don't buy it.Lastly, if you think the pricing is very expensive to you, add it to wishlist and wait until the next sales. Thank you for reading my review and have an amazing day.
It's COD. So don't expect too much. Unless you like tripping out and cleaving zombies with a double sided axe.
First some background: I have stopped playing Call of Duty games few years ago, bought every single one from first CoD (2003) up to BlOps2, after that I bought Advanced Warfare which was mediocre and after that I promised myself not to buy another one. I have to note that I play only single player part (yeah, I'm old and weird) and don't care for multiplayer. I did grabbed the Infinity Warfare mostly for that MW Remaster recently, and after finishing MW:R I installed IW thinking that I might as well try it. And I have to say I was pleseantly surprised. It was one of the best single player campaigns in CoD games IMHO. I loved the setting, the fact that you could do some side missions, wonder around Retribution, participate in space battles. It felt like modernized version of old Wing Commander games with added FPS elements (I'm still waiting for Squadron 42 Chris!).Overall I feel that the bad marks it get was from all those MP players who were probably oversaturated by the futuristic gameplay in CoD games. Single player part of CoD games is most likely omitted by most these days. Brian Bloom did really good job with the story, which wasn't as short as I thought it would be. There were some really crative setttings for the missions. Also the characters were likeable and mostly unforgetabble, with Ethan stealing the show.TL;DRReally good single player campaign, highly recommended. Get it on sale.For MP part check other reviews.
It is not that bad
In my humble opinion. This is the best COD sp experience by far. The story and characters got me. I am a sucker for sci-fi, but this is very well done. Imagine a smaller scale mass effect without aliens, but with micheal bay.
Well had played it only when it was given free weekend multiplayer a lot of crashes but i give 3/10 here are my 3 reasons why1:Campaing is amazing2:Ethan ofcourse...3:Can play it on nvidia geforce gt 420 xD (Just like bo3 on 640x480 resolution)That all from me now so good game.
Single player campaign is good, haven't tried multiplayer though
Few things up front - I bought on Steam Sale and specifically for the campaign.  I am not a CoD fan I don't generally like military themed shooters (no disrespect to the military I used to be in the Army) I prefer fantasy/scifi.  I have not tried multiplayer nor do I intend to.  So why the hell even buy this game?  I really have been wanting a game that combines both ship combat and FPS missions with a good story.  Really hoping games like Star Citizen/Squadron 42 will be good but who knows if those will ever come out.  That said I decided to give Infinity Warfare a shot and the campaign really did scratch that itch at least a little.  The overall campaign was ok.   Hard not to expect AAA graphics from this series so of course the visuals are insane.   The story and characters were decent but a bit shallow.  I absolutely had a blast with the aerial combat and wish there was a seperate mode for that.  The FPS stuff was OK but Titanfall 2 did it better (they both have similar gimmicks such as wall sliding, jetpacks, etc).   All in all I was really enjoying my time but being what it is of course the campaign is super short and it could have been so much more.  The potential is there but sadly it's CoD which means the focus is multiplayer and I assume most of the bad reviews are from the multiplayer crowd.  I would have loved if there were hundreds more side missions.  I would love if the characters had more lines and you can get to know them better.  I would love if you can freely walk around the Retribution (the carrier ship you command).  Oh well.
I only bought this game to play through the campaign and was nothing short of impressed. It was an amazing experience and  I want to thank the devs for making one of the best fps shooter player experiences I have played in a long time.
Quick caveat - I only played the single player campaign, and also picked this up on sale, so reviewing this as a "is this worth $10" vs "is this a triple AAA title".And the answer - for me, it was! The campaign is fun, the shooting has the customary Call of Duty feel which still struggles to be beaten, and the missions are varied and interesting. I actually enjoyed for a change having side missions for their own right, vs being a requirement for getting the "best" ending which happens so often in games. It means they can be played for the reason we're ostensibly here to begin with - to have fun!It's not without its quirks - Kit Harrington has been cast as the bad guy in possibly the weirdest choice in history, given he doesn't really have the gravitas to carry off the role of a mass murderer/do anything to win type individual. As many have commented, the campaign is fairly short too, making it worthwhile for a long afternoon's play, but not something to really get your teeth into.I'd have loved a longer campaign, and to flesh out characters more who were on the cusp of becoming interesting. Also, I'd probably thumbs up for Ethan (the robot) alone - very well written and stands out amongst a fairly generic crowd. It's a shame that IW chose to underinvest in this, as I suspect the game may have been considerably more popular if they'd given the campaign the attention it deserved. The setting (kind of a Battlestar Galactica crossed with The Expanse) is a popular genre right now, and probably could have carried it to an audience beyond the usual crowd.If you have the chance to pick this up on sale, and enjoy tight shooters with a novel campaign, you could do a lot worse than dropping $10 or so on a pretty good afternoon's worth of fun.
Thought to buy this game many times but bunch of negative reviews had stopping me. Bought this game on summer sale and was pleasantly surprised. Don't know why it has so many negative. Story short but pretty interesting. Gameplay same as in other CoD games. Same multiplayer. After first completion new difficulty is opened which what i looked for. If you like storytelling and want to shoot some bad guys in isolation of reality it is good game. If you play games for new gameplay types, new mechanics, if you see CoD franchise only in WWII or modern time this game is not for you.
Just completed the single player campaign and I loved it. Great story, fantastic gameplay and incredibly memorable charcters. I saw a lot of negative reviews which discouraged me from buying it until the steam sale where I think I got it for $20 - 30 range. Completely worth it for the experience and highly recommended especially if you enjoy military space stories like the Expanse or BSG. Ethan is one of the best characters that COD has written and the ability to take part in ship to ship combat is just brilliant. Disclaimer: I have not played or intend to play the multiplayer or zombies mode but for the single-player alone BUY THIS GAME!!
Dont know why everyone hates it.I think its a great Call of Duty and one of my favs. it crashes because your anti virus programm blocks it you need to allow the game on your programm
Good optimization.Story is not so GOOD, Gameplay well as well as i like it for its astronomy .last of all সিম্পলের মধ্যে গর্জিয়াস।''Call of duty'' this name suits on this part INFINITE WARFARE What a thinkingWhat a weapon This is JACKEL what I am talking about I want to discover those COOL Launchers which were used to kill RAESWant to kill those ♥♥♥♥ers who said lie about this Want to kill those suckers who are beating peace loving people of my country Want to destroy whole country named KUWAIT because they are without HumanityGive me a chance to invent this unthinkable Weapon and see
i actually own this on ps4 and wasn't able to play the free mp during free weekend due to my pc being trash at the time, but this is actually a really good game, and the only reason people hate it is because of the exo movement.cod fans can't stand change.
Very good.
call of duty infinate warfare. a great game that got rekt before it even relessed. this game a very good and took a turn and the gameplay was diffrent from what we where normaly used to.  yes, the game is set in the future, yes the voice acting is not the best, but the gameplay and the graphics are very good selling points for the game. but graphics don't mean everything in the game, i mean look at minecraft.  but it is the setting of the game and the way the story is layed out for you.
I grew an extra testicle playing this movie of a game.
its actually alrightedit: its actually pretty good
In the far future of space, breakaway Mars colonies still have soldiers with predominantly Russian accents. A must have for members of the United States Space Force.
If you are like me and love a good campaing, you will love this game. Great writing,  and great scenario overall, with a rich story. Really loved it.
great
Wow. This is the best COD PC game yet. Runs on practically everything. One major problem I had was that the multiplayer servers are dead, and that there are numerous glitches in the campaign that make it impossible to move forward. But overall, a good game.
Reminds me of Star Fox
I've only played the story mode, but it was worth every penny. One of the best, if not the best, COD story released. Looks amazing as well, and plays well. No technical hiccups.
I really like this game, great job!
its fun...
I honestly dont think this game deserves the reviews it has recieved. Imo, this game had one of the best singleplayer campaigns I have played in a long time. This game conveyed so much emotion and character devopment, it didnt feel like a call of duty. All in all, the story gets a 10/10 from me.Moving on to zombies. The willard wyler production theme is different. I do have the season pass (so this is regarding all of the maps) They have a lot of contrast, each one is very unique. I do wish you could play out ridiculous round grinds without the mini bosses, but their difficulty is part of what makes these maps so fun. They went overboard with the eastereggs, insanely intricate. But none the less, quite special. All in all, the zombies mode gets a 8/10.Last and unfortunately least, the multiplayer. I think this mode generally has the least depth of all of the modes, but none the less, it is always fun obtaining all of the weapons, then starting over so you look cooler than everyone else. I think you get where im coming from with that one. Its very pretty, and the jets make for a new interesting challenge for killing other players. All in all, multiplayer gets a 7/10 from me.One other thing. The fact that you can unlock weapon variants by using keys (a little slow and agonizing, probably so you'll buy cod points) but the guns you can obtain add interesting and uniqe advantages. For instance, you can literally weild a minigun styled lmg in akimbo. (Unlocking them for multiplayer aslo unlocks them for zombies as well, very much appreciated.) This is one of my favorite COD titles to date. I own the franchise pack all the way up to WWII, but i have to say i play this one more than any other. All in all, 9/10.
FYI - I do not play multiplayer (nor will I ever), nor am i a graphics junkie...Ignore the twitchy teenagers complaining about this game because the multiplayer sucks. I don't know if it does, and I don't care.Campaign is awesome - although story is a bit sci-fi generic (see: The Expanse) but game play is rock solid and a hell of a lot of fun. Great plot, great characters, and some fantastic new ways of solving challenges (loved the hacking, drones, etc.). Loved the zero-G levels, loved the stealth, and love the Doom16 run and gun levels - even the Jackal space fights are a good laugh.All in all, everyone needs to chill out, this game is about as good as FPS' get - and prob the second best COD game. Only complaint I have is the campaign a bit short (i took my time and got 13h)Techwise, runs like a dream on 1060 6GB 1080P all on ultra. not a single hiccup.So enjoy, Infinity Ward have nailed it - atleast as good as Doom16 and Wolfenstein16's campaigns, so ignore the spammy negative reviews from tantrum teens - and enjoy while on Steam sale.
Loved the single player story mode. The best part was the Dog fights. Haven't played multiplayer too much to comment on it.
Fast load, epic story. Why didn't i bought this game sooner?And graphics are top notch.This is what Star Citizen should have been like.
I got Call of Duty Inifinite Warfare on sale during the steam summer sale for just under 20 dollars. At that price point, this game is absolutly worth buying just for the single player experience.I had always been curious to try the campaign in infinite warfare because of the fantastic trailers, but I was afraid that the games best moments were all showcased in the trailers. To my surprise, the campaign has a ton of great moments that were not already shown.Everything from fireing a giant laser gun to driving a car out of a spaceship. The story is prety straight forward (The bad guy attacks, so you retaliate), but the characters are likeable and their interactions have a suprising amount of heart. All in all, the single player campaign is very fun, and this is a worth while sci-fi shooter. If you are buying it for the single player, and you can get it on sale then I would recomend Call of Duty Infinite Warfare.
BREAKING NEWSLIVE!Despacito 2 Confirmed by NASA It found on Mars!
One of the best COD zombies personally in my opinion, and is the only reason why I rebought this after beating it on PS4.
definately reccomend! such good game! guns are so cool and slick! make more games like this activision please i love exo jumping and bouncing and lazer guns and robots! LOL!!!!
“Ok. Let me just do what is needed first.” Shoves multiplayer into a dark room where Black Ops III’s campaign and Advance Warfare’s Zombies are. “And don’t come back you hear!” Now this game is not actually bad if you were to remove the multiplayer out of it. Even if then it technically its not its fault either. Well kinda. Its just that it came out at a really bad time since there was fatigue after the 2 previous installments were both set in the future. If this game had came out before Treyarch’s game it probably would have been a different outcome. The campaign of this game is probably one of my favorite Call of Duty campaigns and its a very big improvement over Black Ops III’s story (Train goes boom). Set in the year 2100 or later (best guess since they don’t say date) where the Earth is very low on resources and relies on traveling to different planets and moons to gather those resources. Unfortunately they no longer have the ability to because it has been cut by the main enemies in the game the Settlement Defense Front (SDF) whos main goal is to conquer the entire Solar System and destroy all Earth born humans. You play as Nick Reyes the now leading commander of the United Nation Space Alliance. You will travel around from planet to planet liberating them from the SDF. There are missions where you either fight on the surface the traditional way or in space in where you will be having space. I guess I have to address the elephant in the room. Its decent but mostly meh. Jumping all over the place, wall running you get the idea. Its basically III’s multiplayer but with less specialists, with new ones kinda. Map designs are all right but one thing for sure that I liked from the game was the fact they added fun variation game modes like Gesture Warfare which is extremely fun. Sadly, other than that, multiplayer got really boring and repetitive after a while.I will be talking about the 2 maps that I played, Zombies in Spaceland and Rave in the Redwoods. I found Infinity Wards take on Zombies to be pretty good actually. Fun maps to play on. Perks have different names but basically have the same effects as the ones from Treyarch Zombies. What really makes this much better is that once you beat the main Easter Eggs for each of the maps you can play as the celebrity that cameos in the map like Kevin Smith (oh my) and David Hasselhoff (holy sh*t).This game deserves a chance to be played in my opinion. Obviously the multiplayer is gonna be dead but everything else is worth playing. Having the best (in my opinion) campaign out of the 3 exo/advanced movement games and pretty good zombies experience I say buy it if you want at full price but you can wait for it to go down during a sale.8/10
The most surprising part of playing the game was that I forgot that it was a Call of Duty game. There are the regular tropes littered about, but between the Space Ace Combat flying, the side missions, the zero-gravity gunfights and proper science fiction aesthetic, I genuinely got lost in the world of Infinite Warfare. Occasionally, a cutscene where I would lose a fight to an engineer or be bad guy that I wouldn't be allowed to kill myself would jerk me back to reality, but the fact that it let me lose myself for a little while shows how much an environment and gameplay change can benefit a stale series.
Great fps mutiplayer game also good fps campain game i recomemend this dearly
Nice cod but why no FPS Unlock
the campaigh is hard but i still like it because the zombie is nice tip if wanna buy this game : buy in eb game and get profit!!!
I bought this Call of Duty cuz ive got Cash for it okay ? I didnt expect anything special my main reason was somebody named Kit Harrington who plays the main villain. I loved the story it was very challenging on the max difficulty and i had a lot of fun with the story. LOng after i was still saying to myself "MARS AETERNUM". It just had a grip on me. Multiplayer was a total let down ive always bout call of duty only for the multiplayer but this time it just sucked. Zombie mode is very interesting and cool. I recommend this game , but multiplayer is garbage.
What can i say... consodering the storymode: easily one of the best, of not the best story and gameplay in all cod history. Only thing i didnt like is its kinda short.About multiplayer: Its what you can expect from COD. i dont really play it but still, its good.would definitely reccommend.
I can understand where people are coming from with the issues brought on by this games poor marketing decisions and I agree. But I'm here to inform others that the Singleplayer is PHENOMINAL! The campaign was incredibly fun and wasnt expecting it to be what I experienced. If you are a fan of singleplayer games that are full of action and a very well made narrative that can open your eyes and see the message of sacrifice and loss then you will enjoy this game. Props to the team that worked on it. It was a fantastic ride and will play again. I would suggest picking it up on a sale if you're just in it for the singleplayer because it is truely worth it, I honestly wasn't expecting what I saw and Infinity Ward deserves some credit for making a truely great story.
tbh i only played the zombies mode, still i got my moneys worth. just dont touch the multiplayer, its fckn cancer
it was the best cod game i have ever played , it had the best ending i could have ever hope for, i recommend this game and hope you enjoy it as much as i did
Now thats a supply drop!!!!!Glopin Boopin!!!!Good day flushy mammals!!!!If that isnt my favourite customer!!!!!!!!!!!! Worth buying!!!
the best of all call of duties, im not sure why this game has so many bad reviews. lol best co-op vs AI game i have played
i am have problem with is game i cant see notting and it is freezeing
Awesome game, especially since it has the Zombies extra content! I bought the 6-disc PC version, but run it through Steam.NOTE: I was one of MANY people who encountered problems running COD:IW, where it froze, wouldn't load, had to run in safe mode & again wouldn't load Mission 1. But... PROBLEM FIXED!! Go to your antivirus software and put your Steam folder in the 'Exceptions' list, and then the game should work fine.I usually can't play anything in 1st person, but I played COD:IW for a few hours with no sickness whatsoever. Be warned though, there's no 3rd person camera angle.Great graphics, top-notch voice acting and good script.Well worth every penny so far.
For me it has one of the best CoD campaigns ever.Incredible voice acting,beautiful visuals,great story.It also has some very well made scripted events.There's also two types of side missions you can do apart from the story,Jack Strike and Ship Assaults,they are good and adds some plus time to the campaign.The environments are also very varied,you will fight on Earth,Mars,Venus,Jupiter etc.The Planets looks beautiful,it's a treat for the eyes.If you want a good CoD campaign then I can definitely recommend this one's campaign.Game also runs beautifully,great optimization.Multiplayer is the same as the other CoD games so there is not much to say about it.I couldn't try Zombies because there weren't any players playing.
Very cool singleplayer story mode, took me 8 hours to finish.Cool game, definitely worth buying!
i love this game soooo much and then one day i got on and each time i tried to join a gaem it kicked me out of the game and to my background please someone tell me y this happening and tell me how to make it work
The game od fastpaste runs good on invidia 960 but for better frame rate u shuld use invidia 1080. The whepons are good and balenced i recomend buying it if ur antivirus programe is not to good because the game whont load anything.
Following the post modern warfare 2 debacle, it became cool to hate cod like hating nickelback was cool. After having finished the modern warfare series I vowed never to touch another cod piece. I acquired infinite warfare in the purchase of the mw1 remaster. Only wanting to play the latter, I had zero expectations going into inf warf. What ensued was completely surprising. This game is the epitomy of a fast paced action adventure FPS set in a sci-fi universe. I have to admit, I played this game coming off of a BattleStar Galactica binge watch, so my opinion may be a bit biased. Now with the Expanse, I'll definitely be reinstalling this. The Expanse (tv show) is a great compliment to this game. They're very similar minus the alien bit.The space battles were funner than I expected. Well calibrated for mouse and keyboard. The story isnt anything special, but neither was HL1's. They really kept that aspect simple.Worth playing at 20-30$. Skip the multiplayer though.
Nice Storyline..... Good Multiplayer.... Deserted lobbies
I really enjoyed the single player campaign and found it quite good.
it not that bad game if you think about it
-Its an obviously rushed game-no sense put into it+David Hasselhof in ZombiesTHey should've payed me 60 bux to play thisStill love this game in some ways
If you love playing with I.A bots, this is a game with you. This game looks beautiful, zombies, campain and multiplayer is amazing. I would totally recomend it. If you  don't want to pay $60 for this game, get the disk from amazon. That is only less than $15.
A very cool game. I really like the online multiplayer and the campain.
this game ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game pls ;)
I dont care for the Single player or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer - but the Zombie Mode is one (if not THE) of the best in the COD Series. I really wish they would get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and do a full Game of Zombies. For the Zombie mode with friends its definiatly worth it on a big sale.
<3
Better than BO3 and WW2
For some reason I'm one of the few that actually likes both the multiplayer and single player. There is only a couple of people playing TDM, but you can still play against bots that put a good challenge. I don't like the zombies mode though. It was a missed opportunity to add aliens from CoD Ghosts. Other than that, fun game!
Looking past the ridiculous price, Infinite Warfare is ok. Campaign while short offers a much better story and structure compared to the clusterf##k that was Black Ops 3. Multiplayer is alright, can't play online cause of the playercount but it's always fun shooting up some A.I. bots. Zombies is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't say anymore. Just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Overall not that great, but if you're able to pick a cheap retail copy it's a solid time. I give it an OK/Great.
Great single-player campaign.
yes
Zombies is the best part of this...If this didnt have zombies then this game would be dead.
One of the best CoD.
Great SIngle Player,♥♥♥♥♥♥Multiplayer
This game have sure gotten a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I know it's because the multiplayer is not so very good or some potato computer guy is mad, and it's really amazing how expensive this game still is... Well, all COD games have a very expensive price tag... But I recommend this game for one simple reason! The campaign is ♥♥♥♥ing GOLD! Like WOW! It's far from any COD campaign I have ever been playing! They have really been working harder on making character I can actually care about, story, level design, just everything is so GOOD! specially Ethan. I would say get this for the campaign, let the Multiplayer die or whatever. It's worth it, specially if you like sci fi, good job Cod team!!!
Its ok , dunno why all the negativity.Runs good too, better then ghosts, guess by ghosts its was plagued by nvidia crapware inside.
A lovely campaign, some fantastic co-op and a really fun experience.Better than the other trash call of duty titles.
The guns, with time, become varied and interesting. The story is great, emotional, and strangely satisfying. Ignore the haters and buy this game if you are a fan of the franchise
One of the greatest singleplayer stories with great soundtrack. I mean yea titanfall have better singleplayer and other stuff, but this game is far better than ww2. The graphics are great multiplayer is typical thing, but I miss single player aspects in it. Zombies are great with nice soundtrack. This game could get sequel, but it's gone now. Since cod fan boys think future is boring and bad just from trailer. Infinite ward > sledgehammer games.
60€ For COD | infinite warfare!>>---------------------<<>Gameplay-   ▶Gameplay is great..Game gives you more options to play,           +CAMPAIGN           +MULTIPLAYER           +ZOMBIES           +LOCAL PLAY>Graphics-   ▶will speak for themselves   ▶Great graphics   ▶Epic destructions and more..>Skins-   ▶Skins,guns are amazing   ▶You can buy skins+atachments in the store or getting key drops by playing and leveling up..   ▶skin tears: All the way from common to legendary what is amazing by itself!>My own opinion-   ▶At my own opinion this game is crazy awesome with unique storyline,traveling from planets to planets, fighting in the space,on the earth...its just awesome..You can drive jets,rockets, you got jetpack for highest jump and more...   ▶9/10 ->Loving the game!
This game is nice
this game is ♥♥♥♥in awesome! I LOVE IT I CANT EVEN EXPLAIN HOW GOOD IT IS 10%10
GIT GUD
If you want to buy it now in 2018 dont expect to play in online Multiplayer Match against other players (via Matchmaking) You will hardly find some other players in MP Matchmaking like its already closed and forgotten. Honestly i bought this game because of the Match with Bots. This is what i like from Infinite Warfare, BO3, and WW2. COD Bots are better compared to other shooter games with Bots. Just set it to Veteran difficulty and you will get a challenging gameplay. Zombie mode is good, really good but again dont expect to find an online co-op player. Campaign ? Fun, Great Effects, but short and gets boring after you finish the story. But overall this game is still entertaining enough if you are not expecting to play against other players in MP Mode.
Of course this genre of fps is not what we expect from cod, I went mad too when trailer of this was released. But if you play the game with the expectations of the genre aside, this is really a great and emotional game. But the campaign is short! I am not interested in the multiplayer but the zombies is real good, I mean really good.P.s. I am in love with Salter.(Also the game has some probs with antivirus so I played it with steam offline, so steam did not calculate my time on record. That means my record time is way more than it states here.)
Very good game, but... Cod4 remastered is not for free ( gift for buying cod iw ) :\
Finished the single player story around 8 hours. Overall it was definitely one of the better COD campaigns I have played. I only play these games for the SP (when I can get them dirt cheap) and the last three I’ve played have actually been pretty good. It’s a shame that there may not be any more SP campaigns in future COD games. This one still has the typical COD feel but it definitely expanded and branched out in different areas. PC version has all the bells and whistles including a FOV and separate music volume controls. Graphics/sound/story all good. The space setting definitely has some of the best levels in a COD game yet. A couple stand out especially the asteroid mission where is was barreling out control towards the sun. Then the credits rolled and I saw evidence of why it was one of the best COD games…HIGH MOON STUDIOS!FREE HIGH MOON!!!!!!!
Oh mio dio la storia , la storia no ... Il multiplayer é anche carino
Great game, works on MacBook pro and it's beast!!!!The devs really put a lot of effort into making this
The Campaign not to bad looks nice and i am enjoying it, I love Zombie good fun but bo 1 and 2 zombies was better still fun tho but not may people fun zombies online and the multiplayer not good not many people play online and i can see why. I would recommend this only if you get it cheap not at steams price
Great campaign!!
nice
This game has a great story but doesn't run great.
Best game of the franchise by a mile
BEFORE YOU EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS GAME PLEASE UNDERSTAND:DO NOT BUY THIS ON STEAM! Steam blocks the well known key retailing site god damn greedy ♥♥♥♥s! I bought a key on G2Afor 6 EUR! DONT BUY IT ON STEAM I STILL REPEAT===================================================================================Why did I buy this?It was very cheap on Campaign:Wow. Amazing. It's one of the coolest campaigns i've ever played. SO much better than black ops 3! that campaign was wacky! This campaign has loveable characters, cool missions and what I like the most is the detail of the planets in space!If you are not a fan of space/sci-fi then you could still buy it but then I don't really recommend it!Multiplayer: It sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Ignore it!Just kidding! On PC here it's alot better from what I saw at friends who have PS4. Here theres only players who like sci-fi left because almost everyone quit this game already! so no hackers, toxicity, rubbish teammates, kids etc.only you still have the exo suit whatever boost jump♥♥♥♥♥♥:(Still I don't recommend this multiplayer tho.Zombies: Cool! It's a whole new way of zombies. It's pretty different from Treyarch! But I still like it. It has a more FUN feeling to it instead of murder and shooting up everything as you have minigames/games that you can play! yes ACTUAL arcade machines and ACTUAL arcade itself! (You have tickets that you get from winning where you can buy stuff from)!Ok of course this is only in the first map, but theres like 8 other maps but they're all DLC's but I didn't buy those lol who would even buy thosePricing:60 EUR on steam? activision. STOP DOING SUCH WEIRD PRICES ON STEAM LIKE FOR EXAMPLE MW1,MW2,MW3,BO1,BO2,BO3,ADVANCED WARFARE, ETC ARE PRICED AT SOOO HIGH PRICES ARGH SAVE YOUR WALLET AND GO TO G2AXDGameplay:It's smooth, but I sometimes feel like it's not that greatly optimized for PC.Graphics:As said before ^^^ I sometimes feel like it's not optimized for PC! I myself experience FPS drops that go from 60 to 40! it's quite annoying while trying so hard to do Veteran difficulty on campaign! Overall the TEXTURES are quite good! not like games such as Battlefield 1. But pretty neat and way better than it's previous game black ops 3!Menu: It's neat. Modern, especially on multiplayer the menu is very nice!CONCLUSION: ITS GR8 M8 8/8 BUY ON♥♥♥♥♥XD OR UR WALLET IS GOING TO CRYNotice me activision
Fun Campaign with side quests. Thats about it.
after an hour trying to figure out why my game doesnt load i foud a fix and that is to turn of antivirus than i jumped into singleplayer. the singleplayer campain is cool and i enjoy it than went into zombie mode that is actualy really fun the multiplayer is hard to get in becouse i get an error message but when i join its really fun. while playing the game i noticed few bugs but they didnt effect the gameplay. i recommend this its really fun
Dont know anything about the multi, but this cod has one of the best campaigns in a long time.
i cannot recomend but im not hate this game, maybe because of the price of it. the game is good, but its black ops 3 with another name. at least improve the graphics activision!note: i recomended only because i needed to choose yes/no.
I dont know why people hate it i love it and i will play it again ///ok i like bo3 more but still its a good game + if you are really a fan of cod you will buy mwr too :/ is it worth it ? Maybe but for a real fan it is worth it .
The reviews for this CoD are as unfair as it gets. I know everybody and their mommas gotta hate on CoD cause the devs keep it a FPS, oh lord, how lazy and evil /s but this time around it's extreme, "mostly negative"? for real?DISCLAIMER: I ONLY PLAYED THE SP CAMPAIGNThe SP Campaign is one of the best and longest CoD has ever had. I've played the original CoD, BO, BOII, AW, MWIII...now it's established among every single CoD hardcore player that "MWII has had the bestest campaign and it's the best shoota and wow *♥♥♥♥ everywhere*"and thus my opinion on this whole subject is null to all of those, for the rest of the ppl reading this:- there are not only human enemies, but also bots, which are weak to energy weapons- tiny but fine system of weaknesses, see above- quite enjoyable space battles (in ships, not only on foot)- alright graphics, runs good on not so highend hardware- they put lots of effort into details like missions logs, background talk, extra audio etc.- campaign is one of, if not the best, of all CoDs (haven't played the WW part tho), def the best futuristic one- voice acting is mostly above average- some relatively open levels- nice variation of the environment (Earth, Mars, Asteroids etc)- not many QTEs!negative stuff:- I didn't find wallrunning to be effective..uhm...or even possible in most locations? Only did it twice, when the game asked it of me...- some minor plot holes/possible errors, not sure about thoseHmu about typos or errors in this review, ask me anything.
Was really good campaign, probably my favorite in the entire call of duty franchise to date. Multiplayer is dead so dont just buy the game for that.
THE BEST COD GAME BY FAR
Is till enjoy the game and have a lot of time and progress although many aren't a fan of the futuristic aspect Is till found it very fun and enjoyable with plently of action ready for you especially when you get the season pass.
I had fun!
Good game, probably the best future set cod with beautiful levels
I haved no idea why this game has got so many bad reviews.  I love it!!!  Great gameplay and characters.  Loved the way you switched between pilot and shooter the the weapons are really fun.   The campaign mode was a little short but fast paced.  Well worth the money.
Beautiful single player campagne. Worth the money.
I really dont understand why this game has negative reviews, it was awesome tbh
First of all, I DON'T like multi-player games, that being said, I consider this game as a nice one to play if you are, as me, a FPS fan. Graphics are great, the storyline is original and interesting.The campaign seems to be or feels a little short (maybe because it is entertaining).I loved this game.
I recommend this game. The graphics are good and you can enjoy with your friend at zombies or multiplayer.But this game has one problem in 2018 i cant play multiplayer if some one can help me contact me. :)
CRIMINALLY UNDERRATED CAMPAIGN
This game is great aside from the dead community and hackers.
I burned out on CoD a long time ago in the dark ages and haven't played one since, but I have to say I'm really enjoying the campaign in this one. I love the near future aspect where the solar system has been colonised but interstellar travel doesn't appear to be a thing yet. All of the space sequences, whether dog fighting in fighter craft or reviewing missions or personnel records on the cruiser gives me a massive Wing Commander vibe and that's awesome because it's been too long since there's been anything like it. I don't do multiplayer, I can't speak to that, but the campaign is a lot of fun.
First off I will say this, I have absolutely no interest in any multiplayer aspect of the CoD games. As such, this is only about the campaign. Of all the CoD games I've played, this has got to be one of the best. The campaign is pretty damned good. The story is grand and feels as if you really are the underdogs, and considering what happens at the beginning, that's no surprise. The charactes are well done, I especially love E3N. Unlike most CoD games, at the end of this one, I felt satisfied. The flight sections really help to break up the tedious gun fights that drag most CoD games down with their repetitive nature. I really don't see why this game was hit so negatively, except that is isn't an old war people fight in (why they'd want to play the same thing over and over and over just with better graphics, I don't get it). I feel as if this is the first game that if they made a TV show of it, it would be good. I don't mean that becaue of the cutscenes, they are nice though (when the audio sync up correctly). Pretty much every CoD game I've played, I've finished in 4-5 hours. I got nearly 11 hours out of this one, and it was worth it. I really wish they'd take what they did with this game and expand on it, even if they didn't continue the near future setting.
halo?
gud
About ten hours too short but a damn good ride reguardless.Peace to the fallen,
I like the Campaign and the Zombie modes but I hate the multiplayer mode. I got it for free thanks to a Garry's mod server, so I can't complain, but hmm...Decent.
Don't buy into the hate; this is a stellar game.I do understand a lot of the initial anger. Because of the decision to pair this game with the remastered MW2, the entire game functions as a hard paywall. That is a very difficult thing to overcome. But honestly, this game is magnificent. The story is one of the finest in a COD game, with themes and characters that are truly meaningful. It's all action, all the time, but the throughline is so much more immersive than prior games. You are with your one character the whole game, and you are getting to know and care about your command, your ship, and your friends. The space combat is truly *fun.* Flying your ship through epic space battles feels genuinely cool. The optional missions are varied, and present really innovative scenarios: stealth your way through an enemy warship and remain in camoflage, then fight back through after you've gone loud; sneak up on an unwitting capitol ship from space, picking your way stealthily through an asteroid field as you take out patrols of enemy personnel. There's a lot going on in this game that are new for the series, and they're almost all executed very well. Your character being the captain of the ship was an interesting and ultimately excellent choice. Your ability to command the ship, choose your next mission, use your captain's quarters, and watch videos with the crew presents a Mass Effect-lite type off-mission experience. Your ship itself is modelled fabulously, with everything really feeling like a working ship of war. And when you're off your ship looking at it, you really feel like you know it, its crew, its halls. But what really brings this game together is the story. Again, it's fantastic. The ending is emotionally raw and powerful. The final battles are dripping with the kind of climactic intensity and adrenaline-soaked desperation that is so rarely done this well. The voice acting is absolutely top notch. And when it all comes together, if you're willing to take it seriously, you come out of the story really thinking about what you learned about service, sacrifice, and soldiering. You can feel your main character changing over the course of the game, and it feels like a very personal experience. My only real complaint is the "bad guys" in the game are comically evil, somewhere in the Darth Sidious school of antagonism. But really, it doesn't matter. If you're willing to give this game a shot, I think you will be very impressed with the production value, the experience, and the story. One of the best COD's I've ever played.
Easily the best game I've played in this genre regarding singleplayer campaign.
why i cant play the multiplayer and Zombie mode ??
Got the Lagacy Edition instead of a MW1 Remasterd kay i just bought for low.One game for free and Kit Harington is the villain ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Just speaking for the campaign here - the multiplayer is terrible.  One of the best COD campaigns since MW3, flawed only by the writer's naivety to try and force some serious themes into the plot when you're blowing up space warships, becoming best buds with AI, and putting up with Jon Snow knowing nothing. No spoilers here, it would have worked had the player been given the option of choice, but you never do. Instead you'll watch your character lose all of his skill during clinch moments and then have the game try and tell you to watch the consequences of your actions, even though you've been singlehandedly taking on armies up until this point. Regardless, it is a cinematic, fun, reasonably lengthy (for cod game - 10-12 hours on veteran doing all the side missions), thrill ride that looks amazing. Worthwhile finishing over a weekend for some good shooty shooty bang bang. I would buy it on sale though.
I cannot talk about the online gaming but i found the campaign engaging and fun , Nearly avoided the title but i dont regret steam sale price for this . Its very polished in places and has some re playability
A very good COD game. The story, gameplay and voice acting are amazing, not to mention the cinematics which are incredible. You can clearly see the developers put a lot of effort into the game. A must have if u are a Sci-FI fan. Don't listen to the people who complain about the game.
is nice game
Dunno where the hatred for this game came from all the games of CoD i've played this one had by far the best story and characters mostly because the one you play isn't a silent plank of wood now and is actually quite the smartass when he can be the story was enough for me to pay for the mw bundle (at half off to be fair) the cons for the game is i literally can't play multiplayer it blocks me for doing it saying it has something to do with my NAT type but I know thats bull dunno if anyone else has this problem but DON'T get this game at full price because of this
Weird... thase game is supposed to be♥♥♥♥♥♥.. the MP is... well avarage, not even close to Titanfall 2, the Story and the SP however is a pleasent surprise.
I was getting a little tired of CoD being set in the future, but I realized that if this game was some new IP it would be considered a great game. Is there room for improvment? Absolutely. The story, as with most CoD stories, requires no thought. Alternative routes and even a branching storyline would have taken this game to another level. Character development was better than recent games, but it still hasn't been able to get close to characters from the Modern Warfare trilogy. In the end, this is one of the better Call of Duty games. It has the same big flaws that most Call of Duty games have, but the overall experience is much more enjoyable.
Call of Duty is my best game for shooter no game like COD
I recently bough this as was feeling nestalgic and wanted to get back into call of duty. I found it difficult to get into at first but I am now enjoying multiplayer which is ok as long as you dont mind playing team deathmatch or domintion only as other game mode lobbys are dead. I feel they could have done a far better job with the maps as they can feel like small labarinths which only realy allow for a straight up run and gun experience with a spray and pray fighting style. I am a big fan of agressive sniping and have literally done this play stayle on pretty much every shooter I have ever played but the creators of COD seem to try putting more spit balls on this play style with the maps and the scope not always appearing where you werte looking trying to slow down the agressive snipers. the gun veriety is well a bit limited but like I say not to bad smooth gameplay COD feel, heres for hoping the do a better job with the next installment more challenge based unlocks as apposed to the damn supply drops and better challenges to assertain camos those are the things that can keep me playing.
♥♥♥♥ the hate on this game, I like it and I will keep playing itEDIT: Got too much repetitive and gave up, I'm into fighting games now.Still cool to visit once per year.
Single player is good, and multiplayer is awesome for those who like fast-paced games. The best part of this game is the performance. I've had trouble with stuttering in every Call of Duty at some point in the cycle (usually they end up performing significantly 2-3 months in), however, Infinite Warfare always performed well for me.
The Campaign is decent, if you consider MW I the best SP campaign so far this is on MW II Level, maybe even above. It's predictable and no turn of event is new, but the setting is fresh and the acting very well done. I wasn't bored a single minute in this COD Campaign, and i finished every "filler" mission.Multiplayer is not worth it imo, also it's as good as dead, good luck finding anything but TDM.
Infinite warfare had an good, very emotional campaign. Characters with personalities, nice story line, solid gameplay and high quality graphics.  Best part of game is Ethan, his emotional connections with other members of team. Good job, Infinity Ward! Peace to the Fallen.

What a great game. Why so much hate? I actually  had so much fun with this call of duty!What I like:Fantastic UI easy to pick up, was worried about zero gravity but enjoyed every last of it.Graphics are beyond good, this game really shineGameplay is chaotic and very dynamic, loving it - old good cod but now in space!Lots of space vistas! Nice nice views of our solar systemLots dogfights  - if you like I, waiting for star citizen you will love this game! Space combat is very colourful and messy Ideas - Somebody did their homework and spend good amount of time designing and crafting vision of the future, great gear, great weapons, great ui's, good good sci-fi feeling.Not much:Scenario - a better writing would made this game a blockbusterGuys just get some beer put some good music and hit the Play button! Game is fun.
issa pretty good game
idk I liked the campaign a lot. Definitely got me hooked with the story & characters. Amazing art design & film scoring, sleek hud, nice looking graphics. One of the best futuristic Cod titles. Definitely want more out of the Infinite Warfare franchise. Haven't had this feeling since MW1. However, could use more guns in gameplay, and the middle section of the campaign can be a bit slow story & gameplay wise.Not even going to touch multiplayer on PC COD titles. Just, no.For me the 8 hour campaign is definitely worth its $60 price tag. I enjoyed every second of it.Game ran smoothly 90 fps on my 1060 laptop with highest settings.
Very nice laggy mp game with very skilled super humans. A lot of pros, beware!Edit: The weakest COD campaign imo.
BEST CoD ever. Less wallrunning and gadget-wielding, you can pick your BELOVED antique ♥♥♥♥ing ratattatatt assault rifles,or the cool and more senseful energy weapons, up to you. You can space fight, again with regular weapons or energy blasters. Its like an episode of Battlestar Galactica with a supercool story and hot characters (laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off here and there) so all you crying stupid kids asking for "NEW STUFF UÄÄÄÄH UÄÄÄÄH" its new, its not WWII crap, its cool,pull your heads out of your butts. Awesome game!
€ PRICE / QUALITY☐"IT'S A TRAP!"(Admiral Ackbar)☑  "That'll do, pig. That'll do."(James Cromwell)☐ "SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!"(Philip J. Fry)PC REQUIREMENTS☐Minimum☑Medium☐High☐ ExtremeGRAPHICS☐Cheap☐Acceptable☑MasterpieceGAME TIME (hours)☐ 0>2☐ 2>5☑ 5>15☐ 15>30☐ 30>50☐ 50>75☐ 75>100☐ 100>?STORY☐ None☐Bad☑Good☐AmazingDIFFICULTY☑Simple☐Easy to learn, hard to master☐Hard☐Blackhole (FiolaSoft Studio)☐ImpossibleBUGS☐Game itself is one big BUG☐Bugs destroying the game☐Bugs☐Few little bugs☑Perfect
ONLY SP review!Wow - a really good futuristic COD! I lvoed the cutscenes, the gameplay and the missions. It reminds me a lot of the tv show the Expanse. What i disliked is the story... So many plotholes and dumb Deus ex Machina
This game has definitely recieved alot of hate but you can somewhat understand why....Singleplayer: The story is very well written and i enjoyed the campaign, the only thing i can say though is its very short which was quite a dissapointment but if you take time to do side quests it will lenthen it by an hour or so.multiplayer: The multiplayer will take some a while to get used too as its very fast paced and because the maps are rather small camping in corners won't last very long. There is a vast array of guns, setups etc but the supply drops is where this game has a downfall , so instead of earning skins its kind of a pay to get. Cod points are expensive and its a luck of the draw as to what you will get in a supply drop but i have to be honest i have recieved some great things through epic supply drops. Guns are reasonably balanced apart from shotguns which are extremely overpowered which kind of ruins the fun for everybody. Maps are small with a three lane format but it isn't just a few smalls map, pretty much every base map is small besides terimal which is a reskin anyways. The DLC maps however are much much better and some should of been put on the base game but nevermind its just one of those things i suppose. In my opinion the multiplayer is the weakest part of this game although can still be fun in short bursts.Zombies: Easily the strongest part of this game, zombies in spaceland is an absolute blast and one the best maps i have ever played in zombies. The new fortune cards add some variety to playing and some can be very useful in later rounds where the pace picks up. Optimization: Compared to black ops 3 this game runs alot better but you will still need a card with 4GB v-ram to enjoy on high settings. CPU wise it doesn't use very much which was surprising considering how fast paced it is but please make sure you have 12-16 GB of ram if playing on over medium settings as its does use a fair bit.
Good Single Player. took 10 hours to finish with all optional side missions . ( had to repeat a story mission due to a bug ) . Don't care about multiplayer at all . bought this on sale for $30 and it was worth it , but i wouldn't pay full price . enjoyable military scifi for people who liked Battlestar Galactica , Starship Troopers , etc . but nothing groundbreaking .
just zombies
I bought this game on discount for the sole purpose of playing the campaign.  Overall it was worth the $20 to me.  Story was fun and the graphics were great.Gun handleing and aiming didnt feel as good as a BF1, but the set pieces and the variety of gameplay made up for it.  Tech including 21:9 support was spot-onImmediately deleted after finishing the campaign.  Playing Advanced warefare now.  Very similiar game.
It may be a bad CoD Game, yet it's a damn great Science Fiction Shooter.A bit short though, but I've had lots of fun.
If you enjoyed the previous CoD games campaigns then ignore the haters, you should play this game. If that is not enough to convince then read on.I loved the SP campaigns of the MW trilogy, played all the other CoD games except last WW2, Ghosts and BO3. The formula had grown tired, the gameplay and stories repetitive. I got Infinite War cheap and decided to try it despite all the fanboy rage around the trailer. IW is by far the best CoD game graphically, gameplay, stability, and story wise.I have played this game from beginning to end without a single bug, glitch or crash. It is the most stable and smooth running CoD game ever, ignore the many negative reviews that say otherwise. Maybe it was more buggy on release, I don't know, but it is perfect now. The action is your usual CoD fare but some new weapons and grenade types give it a more fresh feel than AW did.Moving, jumping, boosting, even vehicle use is far more fluid and easy than previous games, particularly Advanced Warfare which was very clunky and awkward in places.Graphics are the best so far, not surprising since it is the latest game. The visuals, backdrops and scenery are stunning and, as overused as the word is, genuinely epic. The surroundings moving through ships, habitation, buildings etc. are also well done and not as bland and repetitive as previous games.The storyline is the best so far. The acting, dialogue everything easily surpases all previous CoD games, there are also some pretty big names on the voice cast. IW gets you far more emotionally invested with great payoff. It moves along more fluidly, no more static end of level/next level screens. The game has a far more cinematic feel and the cut scenes are engaging, well scripted and acted.Most of the hate in the negativce reviews are clearly from people who decided they hated it and never played it the moment they saw the futuristic setting in the trailer. Many other state the campaign was too short, they got stomped in MP (really? never played a CoD game before?) or there were bugs and most absurd of all one person claimed its graphics were bad. I have not played MP, anotther source of hate, but after reading other forums I get the impression that the negativity is again unfounded and based on innacurate views by people who haven't tried it. Would I pay â‚¬50+ for IW? I wouldn't pay that for any CoD game but I would pay more for IW than any of the others.
Bought it cheap on sale for SP only and besides CoD being CoD with all the stuff that never changes I actually enjoyed this one. i hated advanced warfare but I felt like this is an improvement in terms of story, gameplay and mission design. Even the flight mechanics did somehow work for me and felt fun.Can't talk multiplayer, never tried it, will be as lame and stupid as every other CoD MP only with future stuff. Oh and most likely you can also shoot zombies and stuff...
With all of the DLC installed, this is easily the best COD game in recent years. The campaign tells a stellar story (excuse the pun) with amazing visuals and some really fun level design. The levels set exclusively in space - be it in your ship on assaulting an enemy cruiser - make use of some of the best controls for a space game I've seen to date, and cannot be faulted. The score for the game is also spectacular, but I won't get into that in too much detail.The multiplayer definitely isn't everyone's cup of tea, but will be right up your alley if you enjoyed Black Ops 3's MP. I, personally, didn't get into it as much as I have in past games (I only made Prestige 1 or 2, I cannot remember), but all I have are good memories. Finding matches can be a pain at non-peak times (especially in DLC maps), but when you do get into a lobby you're gonna have a good time. The rig system of class customisation is similar to BO2 & 3's Pick 10 system, but it doesn't feel anywhere near as restrictive (as you can change your rig on the fly in game instead of being limited to one specialist player for each game). Maps are varied in size and layout, some better than others, with a few nice remastered classics thrown in. Gunplay is similar to Black Ops 3, but a little slower paced.Zombies is where Infinite Warfare shines brightest though. The on disk Zombie map - Spaceland - is an absolute hoot, with bright lights, a killer soundtrack and a nice lighthearted spirit that's been missing from a lot of recent Zombies maps in other games. Spaceland is easily the best "base" zombies map since Kino Der Toten in Black Ops. The DLC maps are all radically different, and all knock it out of the park. The addition of the easter egg challenges that had started to get on my nerves by the end of Black Ops 3 was initially a turn-off for me, but all the Infinite Warfare ones feel like something new and rewarding - new characters, modes & customisation items, to name a few.I firmly believe that this game deserves nowhere near as much hate as it received on launch, and will go down in a lot of players' memories as a high point in the series.
This game is absolutely beatiful. It is the most visually advanced game I have ever seen.  I suspect most people dont like the multiplayer. I dont see how it is getting such poor reviews..  Campaign is gorgeous.. bravo!
if u are a simple person like me who just wants to enjoy the story and sci-fi action without getting too passionate about the sad moments. This is the game for u.  There will be dramas and alot of bull but overall, i would say that this game is most fun i have had out of all FPS games.
No clue why the reviews are Mixed. Maybe it is because there have been a lot of COD games, and I would be willing to bet that if these guys literally just changed the title, it would have gotten stellar reviews. This is one of the best games I have played, certainly one of the very top shooters I have played. The story was great (and I do love a good story), the graphics were awesome, the voices realistic, and the mechanics well designed. The sci-fi, futureistic theme made it a lot better (I don't enjoy old war games), and an instant buy for me being on sale. Story is not very long; you'll spend 8 hours on it, but it is well worth it. Great, great game. Really enjoyed it. Now I am enjoying Multiplayer and Zombies.
DobrÃ¡ hra single je skvelÃ© ma to dobrÃ½ prÃ­beh a vÅ¡etkoMultiplayer je lepÅ¡Ã­ je tam zombie doporuÄ�ujem ale iba pre tÃ½ch Ä�o majÃº radi COD  alebo ak nemajÃº a chcÃº skÃºsiÅ¥ doporuÄ�ujem
Don't judge a book by its cover.
looks gucci
Easily the best and most engaging Call of Duty campaign in years.Mission variety, interesting and heartfelt characters that grow on you.Variety in both gameplay and setting making for an awesome CoD.
this♥♥♥♥♥♥is lit fam ya yeet
fine game
As someone who is not a CoD person... I have to say I like this game....I know most people hate it, but IDRK why, it looks great and I personaly love the Future/ Sci-fi themeThe story is really fun, and MP is okay, but still fast pace and funout of 10, I would give it 8.5/10
Unlike reviews,after playing it.It turned out to be a good game.
MEH
its a pretty nice game
I LOVE ZOMBIES
The Multiplayer is still ♥♥♥♥ed but the Single player of all the things is quite good actually. First COD game since MW2 and COD4 that I enjoyed the Single player of.
10/10 Best Battlestar Galactica Game of all time before deadlock came out!
Zombies is fun, Multiplayer is eh
Buy it on♥♥♥♥♥10 euro ore 15 but in really is good game ....
After all the hate, all the negative feedback... i must say this is amazing in campaign. You must forget about the cold war COD♥♥♥♥♥♥and look what they did with the story based on the future! It is based on something that can happen, it got choices that changes the storyline. The multiplayer i have not tried. I guess that is not soo good, but i recommend trying the campaign! You realy get a connection with the characters and the decisions you have to take, just to stare at a wall at the end, looking at all the people that died because of your choices.
Although the community can be quite toxic, the game is smoother on here than most Call of Duty games on PC. And if it wasn't titled Call of Duty it would probably sell more.7/10 quite good and playing again
I don't know about you, but probably most people will agree that loved Call of Duty® is mostly old or more modern type of Franchise (MW Series,Call of Duty WaW etc.) I'm not saying this game is bad, although it brings some too futuristic stuff like going to space because Earth is too dangerous, Spaceships, Armor simillar to Halo....My personal rating: 5/10(I'm recommending this game because of nice graphics and nice campaign... And i'm not hating the game it's just too futuristic so most COD fans hate it...)
Just finished the game and thought i would share my experience *NO SPOILERS*The game is in my opinion very polished and gives a Sci-fi thrill that is similar as from the Battlestar Galactica TV:series.Intresting characters and if you are up for a linear-ish shooter (There are some freedom there so i wouldn`t want to call it super linear) and like spaceships then this is your game.did a playthrough on about 20hrs (didn`t do all the missions though :P, kind of activated the last story mission before i completed a good couple of optional missions)Went at it at veteran with a controller from the couch and wouln`t recommend any other than the "veteran" difficulty. (There are 2 harder modes that you unlock when finishing the game, haven`t played those).Very thoughtthrou story with some cliffhangers here and there, I`m mostly in it for the singleplayer experience. don`t care much for the multiplayer run & gun but will give it a try if there still is a playerbase.Superb Voiceacting!Awsome piloting spaceships! (would want a little more of that though)Breathtaking graphics!My system for those who are uncertain about your own rig etc. how well it plays.i5 4690k @4.3 Ghz16 Gb DDR3 RAM @2400 MhzEVGA 1080 SC @2012 Mhz/ 5233Mhz Memory clockInstalled on regular HD (a bit older actually but no hickup on loading screens, smooth experience)Played on a new-ish samsung TV @1920x1080 @60hz (upped the output resolution 160% ingame, no drops under 60fps)everything maxed.I think its worth the regular pricing without a sale, but the cheaper the better, right.
Zombies is fun when your not going for EEs. If you play mp, use shotguns. Nothing but those kinds of guns. Many players like myself will applaud you.
Wow, this game has an amazing campain. I wanted a WW2 game just like everyone else with boots on the ground but I have got to give credit where credit is due. The developers put out an amazing game which I have no regrets buying. They really drove home the concept of sacrifice and duty in a way I have never seen in any other game. I wish this game wasn't so underrated and hated, it doesn't deserve the negativity and I hope Infidelity ward keeps putting out content which does  justice to what it means to answer the Call of Duty.
cool
One of the best FPS games I have ever played.
I got this for 15 Euros so this review is based on that amount of money. I only played the single player campaign on HARD.This game has everything you can expect from a Call of Duty game. Good graphics and animation, good music and voice acting and overall a good story. But its plagued by linear maps, decent scripted events and one of the most horrible enemy AI I have ever seen.The AI is exceptionally bad and can at times really destroy your flow. "" ( Most ) "" enemies will just stay at one single location, never moving even if they are getting shot at. And if you peek out you will get shot with 100% accuracy by 4 targets. So most battles consist of quickly kill 1 or 2 then duck back in and self heal up and do the same over again. You can also throw grenades and other stuff if you have them. This game is probably more streamlined at Normal with less frustrating moments.I also did not like the ending and how some of the main characters was handled. I understand that war is hell and soldiers and civilians will die but some of the sacrifices was badly timed and unnecessary.+ Graphics, Animation and Level Design.+ Music and Voice Acting.+ Some memorable characters, especially Ethan.+ Space battles.+ Overall good story.- Poor endning.- Linear maps.- Bad Ai.- Most weapons are the same. ( I did only use 2-3 in the end )- Some supporting characters could have been handled better.- 70Gb download, 100 Gb installed.So at 15-20 Euro I could recommend this game. Wait for a sale or buy a steam key at another place.
does anybody still play this looking to play zombies with  some people and make some new freinds
Really this is not that bad the campaign was awesome only multiplayer sucked. And zombies are pretty limited but still a good one.
yeah
story actually isnt that bad, the specialist difficulty which gives you limited health and requires health pickups is also pretty neat multiplayer is trash and comes down to using a single weapon that has been nerfed but is still opzombies is zombies but more boring really
Great single player.
I bought this game for single player campaign only. It's worth the money. The gameplay is fine. The story is quite good.
For sure this game its a 10/10. ♥♥♥♥ you all ppl that says COD's campaign sucks! U that says that , yes , you , you SUCK YEEH
I bought the legacy edition disc to play the Modern Warfare remastered as it was available for a very good price but to my surprise i really enjoyed Infinite Warfare Campaign. This is easily one of the best Call Of Duty Campaigns  at least for me. But it could be a lot better if there were less hand holding especially the flight assists were kind of disappointing. The characters are likable , Story is fine , Gameplay is same as any other call of duty which is fine to me. Graphics are pretty good and the guns in this game are definitely  the best looking i've found in a game after Crysis 3. They got the future setting in this one quite right. Bad part is that Multiplayer is dead which is a shame because the maps are pretty good. Zombies ? I don't play zombies so i can't say anything about it. Buy it for the single player if you get it cheaper on steam in a sale or someehere else.
I like the zombies and multiplayer but no one plays this game so i have to play with bots
good game
This game is good. If you like science and tech is actually very good. The graphics are amazing. The action well packed with controls refined to perfection. The characters are relatable.BUT...This game has a really big problem: Hate. Nowadays humans hate everything. More hating every day. Some day in the near future we will reach the point of fission. Then reality will be like Call of Duty. And you will miss the games...
Playing Infinite Warfare was quite enjoyable, even for me – a person who was never a fan of this franchise. Or maybe that’s the reason why I had so much fun?I take games as they are, and just like them or not - without thinking about their biggest adversary, and checking how they look at one wall with other titles from the entire franchise. I am too old and too smart for this infantile stuff, but I understand that very high precentage of humans are idiots. Single player campaign is an excellent piece of art, and one of the best space opera in hard Sci-Fi setting I've seen in last years. Even the game ending (I've seen people complaining about it) is a quintessence and successful tribute for classics of the genre.What this game can offer is deep and solid universe which will amaze you, melted together with well written story and charismatic, emotional characters who you will remember for a very long time. And soundtrack for Infinite Warfare will give you thrills, especialy in emotional scenes.Call of Duty went into space to reach the stars - literally. I hope a sequel will be made, in order to expand this glorious game.
Not as bad as everyone says. Graphics are not that bad either but I didnt see "next gen" upgrade from Infinity Ward. 5.5/10
this game is runs alot smoother then blackops 3 on my pc and its quite playable
Globin Boopin
<3
Buy it when it's on sale. I don't see why so many people hated the game. The campaign was awesome, the game actually offers more than an average CoD game offers to people. Yes there were some CoD cliches at some points but who cares. Still.... when it comes to MP, I didn't really like it, but I never played CoD for its MP (except for CoD4). The story is good. I believe people hate this game only for its Multiplayer, I can't say they are wrong, there's always some 9 year-old who "f**ks your mom" but you can find one of those in any CoD game nowadays. If you're into Singleplayer, Sci-Fi, Arcade Shooters, do not hesitate, CoD Infinite Warfare is your game.
Very good game
Disclaimer: I don't care about multi-player or Zombies, this review is purely for Infinite Warfare's single-player campaign.Absolutely phenomenal!- I love the semi-realistic sci-fi space setting, there's a surprising ammount of depth to this universe (no pun intended). It seems like the devs worked extra hard to make sure the tech in this actually feels practical and usable, which is always a plus in anything really, interactive or not (Alien, Blade Runner, Star Wars for example).- The game's surprisingly well written, not only on a character level, but they also did a fantastic job with the world building and setting.- The gameplay can be separated into three parts: Ground combat, Zero G Combat and Space Combat. All three of them are genuienely enjoyable, the controls are super tight and responsive, and they really help to separate this game from other CoD titles. It's just a blast to play.- Looks great, sounds great and runs great. - Sidequests! I love this game. It's one of the most fun shooters I've played in a long time and by far the best CoD game I've played since the original MW. * This is totally unrelated to IW, but why can't I just buy the campaign separately? And why are their discounts on Steam so ♥♥♥♥ing bad? I love this game, but I totally get why it didn't do well on PC. Your MP servers are a total mess at launch, your business practices are asenine and anti-consumer and your discounts are absolutely atrocious. What are you doing Activision???
I like games that show off people's visions of the future and this was a game I was suprised by, the story was brilliant and I loved the characters, I actually got attached to them ðŸ˜‚
Been looking for a game like this a long time but this isn't it. The theme of the story was excelent although did'nt go far enough with mission variety, the over sensitive high-moral whiny crybaby of a main character kept spoiling the experience.could have been much better. 4/10
"Don't judge a book from it's cover."
Having played all previous Call of Duty games, except for Advanced Warfare, I have to say that this one has my favorite campaign.  It's got the feel of shows like Space Above and Beyond, Battlestar Galactica, and The Expanse.  It's also got a great cast to go along with it who make the characters believable and lifelike.  The set pieces are all fantastic too, with action taking place all around the solar system, from Mercury to Pluto.  I can tell that the writers and designers for this game are science fiction fans, as there are a ton of little details, as well as big concepts, straight out of Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clarke novels.Call of Duty has always had some somewhat sketchy vehicle moments, but the space combat segments in this game are Vvastly improved over the aircraft bits we've seen before.  There are also several zero-g combat sequences that I feel were done well.  I also enjoyed the weapons and loadouts, there's a lot of stuff we haven't seen before here, a lot of hybrid weapons, a lot of multifunction weapons, and a bunch of fun gadgets like drones, exploding robots, and a variety of grenades... and one of the nice things is that you can take four types of gadgets and grenades.  You can also customize your Jackal (your air and space fighter), with various machine guns, cannons, tech upgrade, and nose art.This is what Black Ops III wishes it were, and Infinite Warfare took the redeeming parts of Black Ops III and incorporated and improved on them, such as the freedom of movement, wall running, and jumping.  It's also way more optimized... I had to sacrifice a lot of visual quality, in Black Ops III, to get playable performance, but I was able to crank up the settings in Infinite Warfare to the max.  Not only did it look better, it perfromed better... no plastic faces, no crappy lighting, no stuttering and FPS drops.I have no opinion on multiplayer or zombies... that's not why I play these games, and that's also the source of the vast majority of negative reviews that Call of Duty games get, including this one.  My only complaint, which is the same complaint I have for all Call of Duty games, is that I wanted the campaign to be longer.  Hope it gets sequels.
More than half of bad reviews for this game are â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t, this call of duty is great, it's one of the best campain i played in a call of duty maybe the best and if you like sci-fi stories there is no reasons you don't like this game. He is very good, gamelay is awsome, graphics are beautifull, atmosphere is great too, characters are  interesting  (ethan is awsome) and it become even emotional towards the end.Multiplayers is great too if you have no problem with slide, wallrun, dash then this game is for you. Don't buy it at full price if you hesitate and do it at least for the campain if you love COD campains like me.There is maybe one bad thing about this game, you will maybe encounter problems with your nvidia or amd parameters but you can find how to resolve this problem in the community guide section of the game. I had this problem first time i tried to play but now it's ok. Anyway it's a great game !
Campaign only review - don't care about the multiplayer so who knows.Surprisingly great game! I went into this thinking it would be bad based on the reviews. Actually the campaign is awesome. The gameplay is pretty diverse (you've got cover based shooter and arcade flight sim / dogfighting) with modifications like space, moderately low gravity etc, the universe is deep, and the artwork is fantastic. The game runs pretty well too. Of course the villains are cartoonishly evil but that shouldn't be a surprise at this point. I'd say almost as good as MW2, better than Advanced Warfare or MW3 or any CoDBLOPS. Is it worth 60? Maybe. 30? Yes.
its the best game
tl;dr If you like scifi, FPS games, and running on walls, this game has you covered.I bought Black Ops III at a massively reduced price, having heard the campaign took some interesting twists and turns, and wanting to experience the frenetic jump-around-everywhere run-and-gun multiplayer that's been in place since Advanced Warfare. Suffice it to say, on every level, Black Ops III was a disappointment, from it's bland graphics and art direction (and performance!), bizarre pacing in the campaign, and terrible level design which did not suit the game's wallrunning and dashing mechanics at all.I heard someone praising the campaign of Infinte Warfare, and decided that it intrigued me enough for me to pick it up instead.I didn't really follow the hype/disappointment following Infinite Warfare's release, but I can't really see what all the complaints are about. The graphics are gorgeous, with colorful and varied visuals, and solid performance, especially in multiplayer. The multiplayer maps, aside from remakes from MW2, are obviously designed with the movement in mind, and are a great place to stretch your legs and use the game's mobility to its maximum potential. Wallrunning never gets old. And as an added benefit, the setting is fantastic. It almost reminds me of a mix between Ghost in the Shell and Halo, with really inspired weapons and weapon mechanics, like an assault rifle that transforms into akimbo SMGs. 10/10But the campaign. The campaign is just incredible. Really amazing performances by the voice cast, the writing is snappy and punchy without being too campy or tryhard, and the pacing is spot-on perfect. You're no longer a lone wolf taking on hordes of enemies- finally we have another COD campaign that focuses on teamwork and unity, with characters that aren't super developed per say, but definitely likeable. Yes, there are 'epic setpieces,' with the first proper level after the intro showcasing a city being destroyed, but it's followed by a /spaceship battle/ that lets you have full control over your craft in a lite space combat sim, and then? A moment of calm. You save your space carrier, board it, and take a breather. One mission later, you're given the freedom to tackle the main missions or multitudes of sidemissions are your discretion.Ultimately, this was a great purchase, and I am super happy I decided to go with it.
Most people complain about the mp so don't pay attention to those reviews if you're in it for the sp. Even if you're not, you should, because it's spectacular. Amazing graphics, sharp writing, characters with personalities you care about, simple but satisfying gameplay, and very high quality acting. This is the first game since the Xbox One generation for PC that I've really said, "this is the next gen". I played it on a 760 originally and the performance:quality ratio was so good despite averaging like 40 fps that I had to finish the campaign immediately. I had a rule against letting technical slackery slide because it eventually infuriates me but I immediately voided it for this game. At the time of writing this I have a 1070 coming in the mail and this is going to be one of the first games I return to on my new rig. Just thinking about how blown away I was on my relatively poor rig with low settings and very undesirable input lag for a fast-paced, reaction-based shooter, I can't even imagine how great the return experience is gonna be in max settings at 60hz. Don't listen to the reviews, if you like military culture, sci-fi, action-adventure shooters, Sorkin-like dialogue, and joyous PC eye candy, you'll love this game. If you can get it on sale for less than 20$ like I did, you're going to get one hell of a bang for your buck. However, looking back, I would have paid full price.
This is an average game. It deserved the negative attention when it came out with them locking Modern Warfare behind this game. Now time has passed and the crowds have moved on, I am getting it now. Mainly because after playing other good games that leave me drained, I just want something that offers a lot of shooty-shooty bang bang without frustration of other people or something that requires a lot of focus.Its average. For the CoD formula, its what you expect. The sci-fi geek in me did enjoy exploring the aspect of space combat in the form of infanty vs infanty in the vaccum of space. Interesting to see just how deadly it could be, where a few stray shots could easily spell doom for many as they are sucked into space. Would love to see other games expand on this to give the feeling of the emptiness of space and how helpless we can be in it without our tools.Campaign is a meh. I didn't like many of the characters, no real attatchment to any of them. The only one that I did enjoy the company of was Ethan. The robot. Uncanny valley is in effect here.I don't touch multiplayer, so that is getting neither a minus or a plus from me.The zombies mode is fun. Different maps, different enviroments, different objectives. Good fun to be had. The downside comes at the expense of no mod maps, which I feel hurts this big time. They could of easily had it that the characters jump from movie to movie to escape but eh... What are you gonna do?In total, I give this an above average meh. So a positive. Recommend getting it when it is on sale. Just get it for those days where you just wanna shoot things without thinking too much.
its an alright game
Good game. Stellar production values, above-average campaign mode with characters you will find yourself remembering the names of despite yourself. Clearly a lot of work went into crafting a new setting. That's more than I can say for literally any other game in this series.I can't speak as to the nature of the multiplayer or coop modes as I don't play those. But I have no reason to think they would be any less good. So, in summation, disregard the fanboy boycott campaign mobilized against this rather lovely game, and give it a try8/10
Very fun game if you dont consistantly tryhard, just sit back, relax and enjoy the game, i believe the zombies is the best part of the game also
Very good campaign. Don't expect wise story-telling, just enjoy the visual part like in any major action movie.Couldn't finish Remastered edition of MW - plot is so fairy tale that I couldn't handle it :) apart from that visuals are great as well.

This game is♥♥♥♥♥
Honestly not that bad of a game, Its just not "that" Call of Duty that people expect, its its own little over-the-top CöD of Mass destruction space opera yeah its not the boots on the ground stuff we thought, yes its Multiplayer is a shatshow of who gets the Killstreak first wins first, but the Single player finally got some solid work and not everybody HAS to buy THIS specific gamego play BF1 and stop crying in the Reviews
Great COD game.
Best CoD campaign, since forever. Had no tech issues and got stable fps. Maybe i'm lucky.
It was ok for the price i got it so this game is ok because it was an ok game.
I picked this game up quite cheap the dvd version with a large download. The story is pretty good, side missions were repetitive which I ended up ignoring. I seemed to spend a lot of time opening doors, being in a lift or at the loadout area just before walking out to start a new mission. There are some good characters in the game, a robot called Ethan has some good one liners.I haven't played the multiplayer yet, I'm unable to comment on that at the moment.If your a COD fan and you don't mind the setting being futuristic earth, space or other planets then this is worth playing.
Quite fun online, cracking single player.  Don't get what all of the fuss is about - aside from some issues joining servers when I first got it, which seems to have been fixed now!
Step aside. Hacker here.What you need to do is disconnect to SVU control module with a locktan USB. This should protect the connectors on the QSDR board and salvage the PNP relays. After that, extracting the data from the OCSI dongle you can remove the back cover revealing the jupiter translator module. This exposes the THPR connector. There's two small ORYTP ribbon connectors that you'll want to remove and then insert a YPTX base module to. This allows your BTMX systems to run on a SFOPR mode that won't utilize that... eh... toasted hardware. The firmware from the DPXT module will transfer to the locktan USB and that will allow for safe data transfer. Now, when you've safely xferred everything, you'll want to make sure you have OFIT capabilities on a sterile laptop. Using a CDBX compiler you can translate the data into PTRS files and then you'll need a second translator with a second laptop to recreate the DBSR files and produce a carbon copy of the laptop. Of course this is dangerous as the LPSF files can corrupt themselves, so you'll want to back everything up immediately. This is best done using both a SDRFT module encoder and a PRTRT module encoder. Lastly, you'll want to clean the data with a YPQRT program, I suggest one with DSRTI capabilites... Because we all know how finnicky those LSRTP scripts can be! LOL! I'll take my gold in the form of any extra RPT179 scripts please, sigh, alas my IRTAD data modules are so loaded with code and files that my poor RPT modules are starting to lag... Hmmm.... then again I could reprogram my BVQRS program and find a workaround with some old FRPTR files...
CALL of DUTY retard WARFAREjust for 399 and you'll get 2 russian slaves
this game is really fun! but the multiplayer is dead af, very disapointing
Zombies In Spaceland: One of the most fun and beautiful map of all time 8/10Rave in The Redwoods: IW masterpiece 9/10Shaolin Shuffle: Good ideas Bad execution 6/10Attack of the Radioactive Thing: Top notch level design horrible wonder weapon 7.5/10The mess from beyond: The title says everything... <1/10Super EE: "It's not a freakin' pistol" -Lee Boss
This is the Best CoD Zombies EXCEPT PC players are screwed with No Split Screen, sooooooooo Messed up
I don't know why this game has so many negative reviews. I personally enjoyed it and campaign had a good storyline. Furthermore, the port and general performance were somewhat better than Black Ops 3. I am not saying that BO3 was bad but it constantly crashed and the texture became more deteriorated overtime. This game barely had those issues. For those who are new to Call of Duty, I would say they try this out regardless of many negative reviews.
This game is definately not worth the price tag. The MP and zombies are literally dead. Only the SP content of the game is good, but very short. I only gave it positive as I got the game for free...
I honestly don't understand one bit why this game has so many negative reviews. This game is just amazing, the campagn is very fun, it has a heart touching and good story to it. Plus the multiplayer is really fun as well, I mean yeah it takes some gaming skill with first person shooters, but it is very fun. The zombies gamemode is very fun as well.
i only played the campaign, so multiplay is unknown, but dunno where to begin to describe it sooooo, lets start at the end and work our way back. End was predictable, and the railed gameplay was quite a pain in the butt.. there should have been the alternate ending if you were able to complete "a particular mission" in a certain way... except, thats right, i forgot those rails :( . missions were fun and the cutscenes gave a good feel of immersion. the beggining of the game, the first two missions were by far the best part in my opinion.Gameplay and graphics were very good, and story line was ...... actually quite good. thoroughly enjoyed the main missions, and the side missions all held relevance to the story. the zombie shooter would be fun with friends in co-op, but alone was a waste of time.  overall i would recommend this game.
Well First of all i want to make some things very clear about this particular game.1. I've bought this game at $20.07.. So for me the single player campaign was amazing, it's fun, not the story, but the graphics, the gameplay, the shooting of course, but the singleplayer story campaign is♥♥♥♥♥♥2. If you want to buy this game for multiplayer, DONT BUY IT AT ALL, i repeat DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT ALL COST.. You'll just lose your money, as NO PLAYER IS AVAILABLE IN MY REGION (INDIA).. This is the same for the ZOMBIES multiplayer campaign.3. Well i got the pre-order contents at a nominal rate. So for me this game is good, as i don't indulge myself into multiplayer.I guess these things will help.. and rememberNEVER PRE-ORDER A CALL OF DUTY GAME. NEVER MEANS NEVER.. Because you can buy the entire series later, for the price of ONE PRE-ORDER... NEVER PRE-ORDER ANY GAME... REMEMBER
FUN! Great Graphics, takes time to get used to but fun.
ok.. so I dont really understand some of the hate this COD has gotten. the campaign has a gripping story. Zombies has a unique take, and lots of fantastic maps for multiplayer. I give it an 8 out of 10. I am kind of disappointed that there isn't many people playing anymore.
Very Very fun to play!!!!! A lot of Stuff!!!!! I enjoyed it so much!!!Cons : I think the campaign is short for me. It can be longer than this.  9/10!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Campaign was great, just very short, MP sucks and not interrested in it at all. They should make DLC campaigns using the assets from this game, but that will not happen as they already moved on to the next shiny CoD game.Get it if you like a nice space SP shooter, but leave it if you're in MP game play.
10 /10
Good campaign
good game but why TF does it update so much and season pass for zombies maps. the heck!... Activison you have money loads! but why this. make a zombies game. this why I play: zombies... do it! >:(
BEST COD GAME SO FAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CALL OF DUTY INFINITE WARFARE REVIEW.(Pros and Cons, Personal opinions and Useful Information about buying)TL:DR: Call Of Duty Infinite Warfare does not deserve all the hate it is getting, If you played it yourself you'd find it the one of the best damn games in the series.Pros:-Great Story-Game Mechanics are top notch-Weapons are awesome-Really well designed-Vehicle mechanics are better than most games-Gives kind of the star wars feeling-Fast paced action-Amazingly optimised-Awesome charactersCons:-It does take 76GB of space-First time startup takes a while to load, after that launch it doesn't need to load much anymore-Does freeze for a few seconds every now and again to refresh steam overlay. Easily fixable-Some weapons sound the same-Kind of short main storySINGLEPLAYER:Single player campaign has got to be one of the best I've played. Aside from Black Ops 2.The characters in the story are just plain badass and really awesome to play as, you play as Captain NIck Reyes, he was promoted to captain of the UNSA fleet after the recent Captain had been killed alongside the general due to an SDF invasion. The SDF forces are the main enemy in the game, they attacked your homeland and terrorised the planet. You have to evacuate from the planet using your mothership and continue your raid in outer space. You can ride various customizable JACKALS. Jackals are spaceships similar to star wars, they shoot missiles, rockets, flares and MACHINE GUNS that you can use in ship warfare in space which is EXTREMELY fast paced and all action fun. I shouldn't be spoiling too much else of the game, basically take down the enemy forces from the ground up, literally. MULTIPLAYER:Very, very fun! It is sort of hard to find a game since the multiplayer servers aren't as active as before. But when you join you have a massive variety of weapons to choose from and really awesome action gamemodes. Consisting of some of the classic modes like Deathmatch, gun game and  capture the flag. Even introducing EXTREMELY fun NEW gamemodes like gesture warfare which is funny and fun to play. Overall, the multiplayer in this game is a BIG upgrade from multiplayer in games from the other series. If people played more then maybe they'd see the brighter side of it. The AI isn't bad either, better than a lot of other games AI. I would highly recommend to try this out whilst playing, I can guarantee you'd have a lot of fun. WE JUST NEED MORE PLAYERS.ZOMBIES:Zombies... oh my lord it was amazing. This game gave the zombies mode a new shine of light. Never seen before in other games and one of the best improvements to the mode in the series. It introduced different MOVIE BASED situations, which were EXTREMELY FUN. Reminded me of the early days with Left 4 Dead 2. In the new zombies move you play as a gang of 4 people, almost sounds like scooby doo. And there are many zombie situations and maps to choose from including bonus DLC to buy and they ARE WORTH GETTING. Overall the zombies mode is an epic upgrade from the other games including STORY BASED appocalypses and characters which have different personalities and equipment. You'd enjoy this mode very much trust me. After playing the other versions in other games. You'd be freaking overwhelmed by how good they've made the mode in this game. The zombie weapons are very effective and useful, there is a big variety to choose from and all do sustainable damage. It is just undescribable of how good this game is and this gamemode in particular. You should really try this.OVERALL:Call of duty: Infinite warfare is almost one of the best games in the series, you should really try it despite the bad reviews. It is sooo amazing. There are a few buggy startups which are easy to work around once you start playing. This is game is just so amazing I don't even know the words for it. I encourage everyone to try this game out and you'd be suprised at how goddamn good all the developers worked on it. Did I mention? There are so many people that put their hard work into this, a lot of companies, devs, publishers, customers and the community. I'd like to say a personal thank you to all the people that worked on this game. This is one of your best games yet. PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME YOU WON'T REGRET IT!10/10 In the top games of the series. Definalty in top 5. Buy it now!
Only the zombies mod is good
Okay so I got this for £5 from game just to see how it was and I was pleasantly surprised. I haven't played the multiplayer as I don't play the multiplayer in cod games any more so i cant rate that but the single player is ace. I really enjoyed the campaign it has gave me a lot of playtime and became attached to my robot friend queue butters singing. It has great storytelling and has great gameplay one of the best cod campaigns i have played in years. I have not played the zombies yet but I'm sure I will. But I wouldn't pay full price like I said I paid £5 that's all and it was well worth that for me.
I don`t understand why this game get so many negative reviews. I really like it (single player), the story was good, gameplay too. Wasn`t any worse than any other CoD games
I'm only here for the single player so that will be all i cover. Honestly it was a great campaign, touched on a subject that had not really been done that much in games. Overall provided a satisfying experiance, nnever really felt frustrated or annoyed at the campaign. Would reccomend for single player.
Well, what can i say. It is not the best COD game ever but I think that this game don't deserve all of this hate. When I first played this game, I had a lot of lag and in that status the game was unplayable (it wasn't my pc because my FPS counter said whole the time 60 fps). But now, I think this is OK game. I have played once the singleplayer and it looks fun.
I played this game for the story, and as far as that go I really enjoyed it. I got 13 hours out of it on normal difficulty (not a speedrunner mind you, I like to take it all in).
ｔｈｉｓ ｇａｍｅ ｒｅｍｉｎｄｓ ｍｅ ｏｆ ｍｙ ｆａｖｏｒｉｔｅ ｇａｍｅ， Ｃａｌｌ ｏｆ Ｄｕｔｙ： Ｉｎｆｉｎｉｔｅ Ｗａｒｆａｒｅ™
I don't get why there is so much hate for this game, is it because its not in the past? its more in the future? but its fine it is worth it and it is really fun to play
This game is awesome. Everyone is hating on it just because its from the future but ignoring that it has great story, nice graphic and all the other things except multiplayer. I would rate this game 8/10
Just another generic FPS shooter.The kicker? It's in space!Oh, and Jon Snow's a bastard.
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is competitive fps violent shooter that introduces a new error of call of duty that has never been crazier.  It focuses on lot so fi guns and explosives etc.!  The Call of duty series has taken the game to over the top shooting and unfairness... unfortunately!  Call of Duty Infinite Warfare has a bad review rating-My opinion was great poor blood effects, could have more realistic violent scenes and graphic multiplayer action. They did design the video games better than they have in the past.  They also released a new cod recently cod: ww2. Looked intense but poorly graphic design. I have never bought or played it but, it doesn’t look worth buying. There’s a another new cod in the making call of duty black ops 4!! That new cod will probably sell well for the technology of video games and progress of the team of aquivision.
I don't know what the big fuss was about, I think this game has an amazing single player.
idk why people have hate to this gamei guess it does crash and that ruins the fun but that still dosent dstop me from playing
How do you fix the bug in mission Operation Burn Water: Fight or Flight?
A solid FPS game, great campaign, funny-themed zombies mode, and your average annual multiplayer mode brought by yours truly Infinity Ward. I don't know why many people hate this game. The campaign is superb. I wish E3N (Ethan) can be more "robot" like BT from Titanfall 2. E3N is just like a human but with a robot shell, so I can't sympathize more with him. A game with good cinematics, its like watching an action packed movie by Michael Bay. Watch how Kit "Snow" Harrington pulling strings behind the scenes, making you look at how all of  your achievements from the start is taken from you, slowly and painfuly. It almost made me cry when the roll credits came in, and listening to all of the fallen teammates last words. Cool side missions, not that long and it's not really repetitive. The air combat system is one of the most coolest things of this game. It will keep you on the edge of your seat for a good amount of time. "When you wanted to save something, you need to sacrifice something more in return" --That's what I learned from playing the campaign.  Compared to the COD:WWII which campaign feels a little bland and rushed, this one is much better in general. I can't really tell much for the multiplayer mode. It is okay, the weapons is not really that powerful. I just use the stock weapon fighting all the guys with those microtranscations thingy and still win somehow, but not all the time. It is somewhat like Titanfall 2, I recommend playing that over this if you like multiplayer, it has more "destruction" than this game. Zombies? Well its a good adition to the game, but I'm planning to get COD:Blops3 if COD:WWII doesn't bring better additional zombie content. Worth the money? I think so, I bought the legacy edition on 60% off the original price at my local store on Black Friday.  I don't really recommend getting the DLC and other microtransaction stuffs, as you will better of buying other games at that price.
where is john mullins...?man so much massacre i have seen since soldier of fortune 2(campaign part)....10/10 to campaign.for the multiplayer it s not something that adds to cod series anything.....better not play it it makes it worse appealing game.but raven your mark in games is unforgivable.....give more to the addict gamers....we need it.peace!
Nice Game!!!!
Why the hate?
One of the Best COD game.
This is one of my favorites. <3
This game is very fun to play Multiplayer.
fuqin fun and adictive 8.9/10
I'm not gonna lie - this game is a lot better than everyone makes it out to be. While yes, it may be another future-set FPS, and yet another Call of Duty installment, this game does a lot right. First, Infinite Warfare refines the implementation of the movement mechanics introduced in Advanced Warfare and expanded in Black Ops III (wall-running, thruster jumps, etc). Compared to the previous year's installment, it definitely makes great strides in fixing the major problems involved - for example, Infinite Warfare provides a "Tactical Mode" in multiplayer, meaning that the updated movement mechanics are disabled - the map plays like it would in Black Ops II or any games before that. However, Tactical Mode doesn't need to restrict the playable map area or need to be played on only select maps - it works perfectly on all maps, as if to prove that it doesn't need the updated movement mechanics to be playable, unlike Black Ops III. Second, Infinite Warfare also introduces some very interesting concepts - among those being outer space-based gameplay. When I say that, I don't mean something like Mass Effect, where you fight aboard a spaceship. I mean combat that utilizes the low-gravity environment that outer space provides, with accurate simulations of what movement, gunfire, and physics would be like in outer space. This is something that is rarely seen in other FPSs, and definitely not in the "3D" manner that Infinite Warfare constitutes of. This is not to say that Infinite Warfare doesn't have its flaws - there are some features I don't agree with, the biggest of these being the implementation of pay-to-win mechanics - but it certainly does correct quite a few of the mistakes that the previous Call of Duty installments - especially Call of Duty: Black Ops III - have made.
This game is really missunderstood, what most people don't see is that it is really good. The Single player was a blast to play through and there are many charcters that I had a connection with and got attached to. The multiplayer is another story however, but it is the same run of the mill Call of Duty style game play many of the fans fell in love with years ago, the game isn't really bad, at worse you can call it mediocore, but this game is worth the Single player and the Zombies expereince.
Didn't deserve the hate it got. It was a great multiplayer experience!
Good game but its dead as fk :L
great story and a fun mechanics. I like it
Go game
It is great game actually i don't know why everyone says it's the worst call of duty game ever. I like old call of duty games but i also like that futuristic theme. I live in Turkey and I can't find matches for every game mode. It's probably because of my game automaticly chooses Asia server and there is not enough players to play those game modes. I can play team deathmatch and domination. That would be good if there were a choose server option. The game looks like pay to win but it's not at all. All you have to do to get stronger weapons is playing the game and leveling up.
Love the game it's awesome
Not sure why this game got so much hate, campaign was amazing
The best campaign of any CoD. Paid $20 and no regrets.
Even through all the hate, this game isn't actually half bad for what it is by itself
Single Player Had Me Coming Back For Another Playthrough.Consider buying this game if you are looking for another AAA sci-fi fps action game. In my opinion, the campaign is well worth the money, even if the multiplayer is the EXACT SAME as BlackOps IIII strongly implore you to stay the F away from this game if you only want the CoD multiplayer aspect of it. It is a pile o' sh*t. (In PirateSpeak)P.S.Witnessing Gator's death for the second time almost made me jump out the window(not serious).I think of this quote every time I play this game, "War never changes"--(comment below if you know who said this)
I prefer this game to the previous two exo-suit style Call of Duty games. There's a good deal of content, but the player base on PC has always been low (even upon release). Really the only game mode that still has active population is normal Team Deathmatch, which is a shame because some of the other modes like Uplink and Hardpoint are fun. Glad to see that the developers are still implementing updates, but they have made no real progress in tackling hackers. The whole matchmaking and player host setup needs to go, especially on the PC. The original Counter Strike has better infrastructure lol.Worth a punt, especially if you can get it on sale ;0.
It's alright actually. For its black market price of £25.99 i'd say it's worth it. For £39.99 though? Wouldent really say so.Also the prolouge mission looks gorgeous.
Best When Playing Offline Everything Else Just Sucks I Even Bought a Seprate ps4 To Play The More Optimized Console Version . ^ .
I bought this for the single campaing and really enjoyed it. I find the blend of storytelling and level design in MW to be fun and captivating. The flight missions are well done and adds a mix to the experience. Once you're into the main story you can start choosing missions. I liked this addition as it lets you pick between flight or foot missions and the mission objectives between doing "story" missions. The single player campaign is short, I've seen many have complaining about this but I'm fine with it. There are so many games out now I'd rather have 5-8 hours of great gameplay and finish then have 16, 30, even 100 hours of game time and half or more being mediocre filler around 5-8 hours that are great.
While I fully get why COD fans hated it. I actually liked the single player scify setting with space and such. Its COD so the story is stupid and people are pretty daf and you therefore never care for them... the story is pretty strait forward. If you can get this game on a huge sale AND like "Rebel Assault" mixed with a bit of "Shattered Horizon", maybe even a light "Wing Commander" feel and COD single player mechanics. You will most likely enjoy this game for a weekend.
In truth I played for the Single Player experience, I couldn't just care for the Multi Player part of it, so in starts with a limited idea of what the game is. BUT if you're like me and you are seeking and experience, game is worth its money, amazing storyline that does not carry you over emotions like others do, but dares to make you feel what the main character would. Good storyline, good ending, good gameplay. Can't say its a 5 star, but its worth a good gameplay with a challanging side.My 2 cents.
This game is not that bad how it seems.The story mode is pretty cool.
Really fun zombie mode, challenging and rewarding. While not perfect it is still amazing. I only play this game of the zombies though.
Out of every call of duty game i have played, be it everyone of them, This one by far has the single best campaign ive played. Some people love these series of games for the multi however i am not one of those people, though the zombies is also the best one they have done (ghost extinction was epic)If you play cods for the campign and love the story i urge you to play this one. It is my most loved one in that regard!.
multiplayer takes forver to find a match, but i mostly play zombies anyway.
Campaign was good but the multiplayer was a bit♥♥♥♥♥
I’m not a multiplayer guy. But the campaign here is first rate. The level design is tight, focused, and well executed. The gameplay mechanics are clever and mix things up. The writing is on point for a military sci-fi story and actually matches typical novels in the genre. Good acting, good delivery, snappy pace.Are there problems? Sure. Is this one of the best FPS shooter campaigns in recent history? Yes. Given the number of good single player campaigns lately, it may raise eyebrows to see yet another held to that standard. But this delivers on the bombastic thrill ride you always hoped a sci-fi call of duty might be.It’s short, but it’s worth the price, especially if you like the trappings.
Not Interested in Multiplayer but thought the campaign was fun and took me a while to complete on Veteran difficulty. Great Challenge 8/10
TL:DR Why does the internet hate this game so much? There are actually a few different reasons:1. The main reason why this game got so much hate when the first trailer came out is because it was the third year in a row of science-fiction Call of Duty games. After Advanced Warfare, (2014,) and Black Ops III, (2015,) the fans of Call of Duty were aching for a return to the boots-on-the-ground style of warfare in either the modern era or in World War II, and with Infinity Ward's turn to release a Call of Duty game rolling around, most expected them to release Modern Warfare 4, Call of Duty: Ghosts 2, or some other form of modern or World War II war. Instead, we got slapped by Infinite Warfare, which not only continued the streak of science-fiction Call of Duty games, but took it a step further by taking things to space for the first time in the franchise. Hardcore fans from the Modern Warfare time didn't see this as a true Call of Duty game anymore, and the fans asking for a new Modern Warfare or a return to World War II felt like they were just given the finger. This is the main reason why the public outcry was so bad.2. Activition bundled Infinite Warfare with Call of Duty 4 Remastered as a cheap marketing technique, forcing players to buy this if they wanted the remaster of the first Modern Warfare. While it was Activition's decision and therefore their fault, Infinite Warfare itself picked up a good chunk of the hate from this.3. In recent years, most gamers have seemed to gravitate towards multiplayer games, such as Battlefield or Titanfall, which currently hold the titles as the giants of the FPS genre. With Battlefield's open combat plus drivable vehicles, and Titanfall providing parkour verticality in their gameplay as well as the ability to pilot Titans, Call of Duty stuck with its tried-and-true multiplayer formula of parking-lot-sized maps with a lot of corridor shooting, which let's face it, gets blown out of the water by the much bigger scales of combat put forth by the giants. People may have liked this type of multiplayer in the Modern Warfare era, but by the time Call of Duty: Ghosts rolled around in 2013, most multiplayer fans had already migrated to Battlefield 3 or Battlefield 4. This has resulted in an exponential trend of hate for the Call of Duty franchise, since it can't stand up to the giants in their multiplayer aspects, despite having good singleplayer. This is why the entire Call of Duty franchise is hated these days, actually. They just hate the multiplayer and don't care about the singleplayer campaigns.However, if you focus on singleplayer, this is actually an excellent game. It's got good characters, a fine story, and most of all, a memorable universe. There are also a few new features that singleplayer gamers will enjoy. Mainly, sidemissions. There are now optional story missions that can be skipped, but feel like full missions and provide perks and upgrades as an incentive to do them. Doing all of them will give the player multiplayer-style upgrades like Sleight of Hand and Quickdraw, increasing their power and allowing them to chew through enemies that much faster. There is also a loadout system in singleplayer where you can choose what weapons you take into battle, with a total of three slots, plus a recommended slot that can be configured for one mission. On top of that, Jackal missions (where you fly a fighter in space combat,) are a blast in my opinion, although I can understand if people don't like them.Overall, if you're a singleplayer gamer, or a Call of Duty fan, or a fan of science-fiction, or all of the above, then I highly recommend this one. Going off of the singleplayer, this is an excellent game that I've played through twice and enjoyed both times. You'll like it. And if you think the price is too high right now, wait a few months or maybe a year or two, and it'll go down.
good game, no crash, still play it.
good
Fast and awesome paced game but I started playing it when the game is starting to die :/
is gud game:)))
I definitely  love this game and am very happy to have purchased it. The story was amazing and totally not mediocre and repetitive. This was not a waste of money at all and I encourage everyone to preorder the next call of duty.
story is good , and i said story
I initialy bought this partly for the campaign, and for that alone I've given it the 'thumbs up': it's one of the best campaigns I've played across  game, let alone for a CoD!Zombies is fun, as well, which was the other half of why I bought the game; each map has it's own quirks, fun places, and each of the 'guest stars' are well placed. Even the boss fights for the Easter Eggs aren't terribly hard (except maybe for Spaceland lol), and even on solo are completely doable.One thing that pleasently surprised me was how much I enjoyed the MP at the start, and have continued to do so through all it's faults (yes, cheats do show up) and unbalanced areas (Synaptic and VPR, looking at you!). However, over all, I'd have to say it's well put together, and that Infinity Ward have done a remarkable job in caring for it through the year's lifecycle, and continue to do so even after that has 'ended'...
NOTE: I haven't touched the Multiplayer at all. I tried the Zombies briefly and found it okay but with weapons that had the trademark 'weak' feel from the other Zombies modes.I thoroughly enjoyed the single-player of this game. The creators crafted a highly humanistic story that gave faces and names to the characters around you. They took a chance and added the 'Jackal' sequences to give you a taste of vector thrust space combat. The gravity and oxygen became consierations as you jump and grapnel from surface to surface, seeking better angles on your objectives and adversaries.If there was anything bad I can say about the campaign, it is how 'Bad' the members of the Settlement Defense Front (your main adversaries) are. There is no space left for shades of grey as you are pitted against an enemy who routinely goes for the most vicious plan of attack and whose stated goal is the complete destruction of Earth (because, reasons. But also because of the reasons from 'Red Faction'.)There are also one or two highly contrived story points, but overall it is written well enough to provide you with something to consider whe you're back on the bridge of your command vessel, browing the logs at the Captains terminal or starring at the 'Deck of 52' target board.Also, stay through the credits.
My Favourite COD so farThank you IW for bringing us such a wonderful COD gameCan't wait for IW2 ;)
FIrst I'll say this i really enjoyed this game dispite some issues it ranks as one of my top five cod games i have ever played and i honestly feal that it didnt deserve all of the hate that this game has recieved since it was anounced. the campaign is an amazing story with great characters and some gut wrenching moments. zombies mode was tons of fun playing and the multiplayer was one of the few that i bothered to prestige more than once. that said the game does have issues with cheating in some of the lobbies (there are a few names that if i see them i disconnect from the server without a second thought ) and i didnt like the guns that were locked in the quartermaster collection but overall I was more than happy with my purchase that said the game has most likely died by the time you read this so you should probably only buy it if you want to play an amazing campaign and a great zombies mode.
good game
Definitely one of the best shooters that i've ever played . Its like a hidden gem in an already crowded FPS market .I really liked the single player campaign for which call of duty is known for.This game sometimes looks really cool..Definetly a must buy for all the cod  fanboys. Its really sad that noone seems to be playing its multiplayer is dead already!!
Campaign player here - no multiplayer at allI've played lots of Call of Duty games (mostly on console) and finally laid hands on this one. I'm positively surprised. Tbh i started to play the game without any high expectations due to all the hate, but i just wanted to try it. Grafics was nice and smooth, the scenerie was quite impressive and the story also pretty good so far. I personally like futuristic games so i don't mind how the CoD games turned out.
nice memes
it's a ok game!.
Do note that this review is written in regards to the campaign only.Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is an example of Infinity Ward learning to apply the positive changes Treyarch added to the franchise with Black Ops, putting their best foot forward, and producing a genuinely good campaign as a result of it.The characters are likeable and well-written for a CoD story. The villains, though quite one-dimensional, fulfill the exact role Infinity Ward CoD villains should. People come to these games to feel like a hero, not to sympathize with Space!Nazis. The story is simple, not bad.The gameplay is very much restrained compared to the likes of Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3, with only a very limited version of wall running and the double jump returning, and in non-intrusive ways at that. The Space Fighter missions are actually quite entertaining, if generally on the short side. There are actual stealth sections which do not overstay their welcome, and the ability to modify one's load-out with unlockable weapons and attachments at the start of missions greatly expands upon the campaign's replayability.Nick Rehes, the protagonist, has an actual narrative arc he goes through over the course of the campaign; and unlike the sociopaths of Ghosts, is a geniunely likeable character despite the well-intentioned mistakes he can and does make.Infinite Warfare is up there with Black Ops 2 in campaign quality, and despite what the masses say, is absolutely worth your time if you play this franchise for the campaign.Peace to the Fallen.
decent
This game does not deserve the hate.If you enjoy COD campaigns then it comes highly recommended; it's seriously one of the best.Can't comment on the multiplayer as I just don't care about that side of COD.Dear COD community, you suck for hating on a good game purely out of principle.Also graphics look and run lovely at 4k with 980ti (not many games do that!). Have seen some comments saying graphics are bad? Not sure how, they must be running this game on a potato
I dont know why people are hating this game, this game is good from what i have played
I really don't understand why this game gets so much hate. I really don't.I'll give my review for zombies and multiplayer as I haven't completed the campaign yet.This is where the game really shines for me. I have over 25 days played on Black Ops 3 zombies thanks to the season pass maps and chronicles. So I'm quite a big zombies fan. I'm not gonna review the DLC maps, because it would take far too long for me to do so. All you need to know about them is that, IN MY OPINION, some of the maps are better than Treyarch maps. Especially Spaceland, Rave and Attack.Infinity Ward had some really good improvements over Treyarch zombies. Every single trap is unique in it's own way, all DLC-weapons were added to weapon loadouts and to every zombies map, none of the Fate and Fortune cards were OP as hell, the ranking system doesn't have prestiges but it has 999 levels, and the weapon variants from multiplayer keep the zombies-experience fresh and interesting.I also like how they changed a few game-mechanics inside of zombies. You don't really get stuck on zombies anymore, as you can just kinda squeeze through them, but the zombies hit faster and are overall just more aggressive. I also prefer the new double PaP mechanic over Treyarch's Alternate Ammo Types. In IW, the double PaP just makes the weapon a bit powerful and gives it more ammo, so it isn't stupidly broken like AAT was in Black Ops 3.Then the characters. I have an unpopular opinion on this matter, as I actually like these characters and the way they were handled. The characters have a different personality in each map, which I really enjoy. For example, Poindexter is a nerd in Spaceland, but in Shaolin, Poindexter pretty much screams "♥♥♥♥ you!" What I don't like about them, is the lack of real character development behind them. But I really don't mind that, as the characters are entertaining to play as.The soundtrack in zombies is, in my opinion, the biggest improvement from Treyarch zombies. Every map has a unique setlist fitting the theme of the map, and most of the songs are fantastic. It also gives you something to listen to while playing.Zombies in Spaceland is a fantastic on-disk map. It has so much replay-value it's unbelievable. You have all kinds of side quests that you can do, but they aren't mandatory to get to a high round or just do well in general. I went to round 30 on my very first playthrough without even knowing about the Weapons of Rock (granted I'm a pretty good zombies-player)I think the boss zombie (Brute) is one of my favourite bosses of all time in zombies. The fact that he has a ranged attack first and after you harm him enough, he starts to run at you is amazing. I don't think he's to difficult, nor do I think he's too easy.And the Clowns. Oh, the Clowns... I think they are a great substitute to the standard dogs we've had for the last 9 years. And I LOVE how they can almost all spawn at once. Dog rounds were always kind of on the boring side. Clown rounds after round 25 or so are hilarious if you don't shoot them as soon as they spawn. Especially with 3-4 players.The soundtrack in this map is my favourite out of all the maps in IW zombies. The map is set in the 80s, so the setlist consists of hits from the 80s. My personal favourites are Europe's The Final Countdown, and I Wanna  Rock by Twisted Sister. You can listen to all the songs featured in Spaceland on Spotify or Youtube.The zombies mode in this game is my absolute favourite, and I recommend everyone to give it a good chance. If you don't like CoD Multiplayer get the game for the zombies. I mean, why not? You can get the game for like 10€.As much as I hated Black Ops 3's multiplayer, I really like this one. Everyone's heard of other people saying that IW is just a Black Ops 3.5. Well, they aren't wrong. Although the game plays like Black Ops 3, I feel like IW did everything better. The combat rigs are a balanced version of the specialist system, high caliber + flinch isn't a problem, and the maps are better.This is something I complain about every single time I play this game. The weapon balance in this game is questionable. What's that? You thought the Brecci was OP/annoying? The Brecci was underpowered compared to the Reaver. I mean, a semi-auto shotgun that can kill in one shot? What the ♥♥♥♥ Infinity Ward?And don't even get me started on the ♥♥♥♥ing M.2187... "Let's add the pre-patch models from MW2!" Brilliant idea...On the good side, every gun in this game seems to be usable. There isn't a single gun that is just absolutely useless, which is a really good thing for people like me who like variety. And I really like the way they handled the DLC weapons in this game. You can earn each weapon with a specific challenge, or you can just buy the season pass and get all the weapons immediately.I don't really mind the variant system in this game, as you can get almost all the variants through salvage. Most of the variants are really well balanced, with a few exceptions, of course. But since everyone has the Reaver unlocked at level 1, It doesn't even matter that a variant is a little better than the base weapon...A really good thing I like about the supply drop system is that you can use the keys you earned from zombies in multiplayer, and vice versa. I already have most of the variants I wanted so I only open crates for zombies to get more fortune cards. I love the fact that I'm able to use my keys from multiplayer for the crates in zombies.The maps in IW are really good in my opinion. Gameplay is fast and smooth, and the maps have just the right amount of flanking routes. Campers are usually easy to kill with the Rigs like the FTL jump or the Active Camo, and the maps offer enough ways to flank the campers. The Multiplayer in IW can be extremely frustrating at times due to the weapon balance, but it's mostly a lot of fun. The movement system is fluid and cannot be abused like in Black Ops 3 due to being more limited.Zombies mode is fantastic and has a lot of replayability.Multiplayer is a polished version of Black Ops 3, with a questionable weapon balance.
Extremely good game despite what people say about it. I have gotten over 120 hours and im still entertained...
The most underrated game on steam imho. I like BO3, but IW design is my favorite.I gave this game a chance that I don't regret so far.
Short and sweet ReviewThe best call of duty game I have ever playedI even have COD WW2 but I can not stop playing this gameA really good game
The campaign was surprisingly good! It definitely doesn't deserve the hate it gets (The ending credits got to me a bit). Multiplayer wise, its much more boots to the ground than Black ops 3 and imo more fun (There is still some BS). Zombies is meh, not as good as the treyarch versions but still fun. Overall, I think its a pretty good game.
Well, addicted game and fast paced gameplay. I don't know why all the hate for this game, but this game is awesme. Would recommend if you like sci-fi games.
Awesome singleplayer story, action packed
Nobody gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you hate futuristic CoD games, especially not me. The theme alone doesn't make it bad, it's likely you are bad instead.This game is quite good (both single- and multiplayer modes) despite all the critics it's taking: lasers, robots, alien landscapes, a nice story... can't say I'm disappointed at all.Booster moves have returned, which are not something I fancy, but custom lobbies allow them to be disabled, which is a nice trade-off for me. The weapon selection for this game is maybe even better than Black Ops 3.So yeah, if you are into sci-fi games and/or you like fast-paced multiplayer action, this will work out well for you.______A couple points I feel like elaborating on:Infinite Warfare's trailer was reported as one of the most disliked videos on YouTube.Then the game eventually came out, and a whole lot of people took it upon themselves to review the game in an extremely negative way (that still happens, as far as I see). The main reason? The "futuristic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that ruined it all". Or the fact that "CoD games beyond modern times make absolutely no sense".But I am not one of those people, thank goodness.Infinite Warfare is certainly a bold challenge for developers. After all, they're not creating a story that puts you in the middle of an event that has really happened (WWII), a familiar setting nonetheless (Modern Warfare) or an invented one that still retains some plausibility and similarity to it (Advanced Warfare). You are creating a future setting which forces you to use some inventive, and I'm not talking about weapons alone. Science fiction presence is strong in this game, just as it is in any other sci-fi movie or game.The only complaint I would have about Infinite Warfare is the return of booster movements.Boosters limit quite a bit the array of viable weapons one can bring in a match, and the habit of creating maps where marksmen will find themselves at an inevitable disadvantage only reinforces that limit. Out of 3-4 players, one is likely to whip out a spam-friendly weapon (like the Reaver or the Type-2) and just Rambo-run through the map.One would say this system is better in that it discourages camping, but - alas - it's not that effective against them (runners constantly trip on camper traps anyways). I have been on both ends of run-and-spam tactics, so that gave me some much needed experience for my opinion.Sure, you can also open a custom lobby and disable booster movements. Not as effective as just plugging yourself into the public matchmaking, but if you are member of a group that loves the game but dislikes boosters, this is for you. There are also "tactical gamemodes", but they are scarcely populated (if ever) so I wouldn't count on them (unfortunately).And, as always, I would have loved an even bigger selection of weapons.______So, in the end...It pains me to see such a trend for negative reviews and I have the feeling it's not because the game is inherently that much trash. Rather, people hate it because it's not Modern Warfare or WWII. Which is like saying I hate WWII because it's not cyberpunk. Maybe I should thank them, because they only made me more curious to take it up, and I'm glad I did. Also, one of my favourite cyberpunk games is about to die for good and, although Infinite Warfare is no exact equivalent and/or replacement, it does an excellent job at giving me a good futuristic experience.It's not a thing that I see everyday: the versatility of CoD combat system (although a bit rewarding for rushers and a bit less for everyone else) and a great sci-fi setting. Infinite Warfare rewarded me with both. Add a good campaign with a captivating, desperate story and characters that you are going to love (and miss)... how could I hate it?I wish Infinity Ward made more games like this, but I'll have to manage with this one until they decide to give sci-fi a second try.Black Ops 3 was nice, but Infinite Warfare totally blew my mind.I'd rather stay in space than down there, taking stick grenades up my butt.
Yeah it sucks but its great game but should be called Infinite Warfare not Call Of Duty Inifinte warfare
Happy 1st anniversary my most beloved game! It has been such a long and interesting year for me with this game. Still to this day, I can't write a proper review for this game, because of how much I like it and how much love is built up inside me so that I can't even express it. I daily checked Charlie Intel for any COD 2016 news since New Year. When I first saw the reveal trailer for this game, I was like "oh pleease, another futuristic COD? Seriously? C'mon I was hoping for a modern one! But then again the leaked cover image looked nothing like one, that I saw on Charlie Intel." I saw the dislikes and got surprised, but by the time I saw the trailer the dislikes were barely 10K because how early I saw it since I was sent a notification and I instantly tapped on it, but the L/D ratio was very negative.Eventually I grew more and more addicted and interested in the game, impatiently waiting for the release. I also fought many people in the reveal trailer's comments section and various other social media, saying that IW's hate was unjust.  Then I followed up and counted down for the E3 showcase, and I absolutely loved it! And then IW finally got the pre-order function on Steam, so I used all the money I saved up for it. Throughout the summer 2016 I was so much bored and didn't know what to do, playing bo3 made me sweat from boredom and I grew extremely tired of it (even tho I got addicted into SOE Easter Egg hunting). Then Comic Con dropped, I even got more and more hyped and excited for the game, I definitely loved the Campaign footage, and the cast was just amazing.Then I decided to make a thread here on Infinite Warfare Steam Discussion Forums out of hype, which is entitled "This Game Is Going To Be Game Of The Year 2016!". You can find it here in the forums, it's currently the most commented on thread in this whole forums. I took my time endlessly arguing and fighting off many-many haters out there. In the end it was worth it, I successfully told them off that everyone's opnion should be respected and it was about time haters ceased bashing me for my opinion, calling me a cod kid and all sorts of stuff. It's archived now, but you still can read through if you have the time.Time passed, the zombies and multiplayer reveal trailers released, and I couldn't get even more hyped. There was a beta arc going on, but I couldn't play it as I am on PC. The only thing left for me to do was to just wait for the release.November 4th came, the game got released. It was so awesome, tried mutliplayer with my friends first, dope...; days later finished the campaign and I couldn't be more thrilled and exhilirated, the story was so epic and aura-giving. I also couldn't be more hestiant to shredding tears, it was so damn good, and I also liked the little easter egg at the end of the credits, gets me everytime.Then I spent the whole year playing this awesome game, without even realizing how fast time flew by.  So yeah, that pretty much sums it all up, I'm never gonna go back to past-set games, only modern and future (and in between). I'm gonna get the game on Chirstmas tho, at least I'm planning to, mostly because of the vast player count, which IW didn't get. Now I can't play the game anymore, Infinite Warfare is now deserted.The only thing that is left for me to do is wait, as I have started a mental campaign for the road to Infinite Warfare 2 and Infinite Warfare 3. Yes, I have high hopes for them, especially when they flirted about it and mentioned them during summer; it got my pump up so damn high.
Very nice game, worth it.
The game is just a very very good game!Yeah i got a problem but i rezolved it very quick.I would rate the game 8/10
Good game!
Cool Game ! :3
I paid about $80 for this + season pass + MWR during sale. Was it worth it? meh. But the game is good, multiplayer has a nice feel to it and they did do an amazing job in zombies, so GG IW. the game itself isnt bad its just like COD ghosts all over again: its a decent game but for some reason everyone cant make their own opinions and go directly to the hate bandwagon. Sure its basically recycled from last year but it has its own differences, dont hate on it until you try it and form your own damn opinion. Sure the skin system is garbage but i cant really complain because i get free crates daily because i bought the legacy edition (the skins in this game are pretty nice actually im not going to lie)
Mp Sp meh ... ZM not so meh !
I don't know if this is a good game by COD fans standards, but it is - and I say this about the singleplayer campaign, as I don't play multiplayer - a very good sci-fi action game in general. It's actually a bit sad that it will probably be overlooked by potential players because of the Activision and "COD" in the title, because it's basically action version of the first Mass Effect in a way. You fly in, jump out on the ground, run around the map and shoot, use special powers, jump into cockpit again, do some space dogfight, hitch a ride on a dreadnought, destroy it from the inside by hacking robots to kill their own captain, jump out in the space, see a very nice cinematic story development, use galaxy map, chose some side missions, kill some dogfight aces, crash, recover, ... And all the while with Battlestar Galactica vibe (surprise attack by a terryifing enemy, bare remnants of the fleet defending, every victory is kind of a defeat and so on).It's a fun game with solid mechanics and an interesting story. If you're reading this in 2018/19 or later, and crave for a solid action game in space/orbit but also on the ground, feel free to check it out, don't mind that it says "COD" in the title if you're not into COD. It could have been called anything else too.
I have to recommend this game, but there are conditions as to why I do recommend it. Keep these in mind while I explain1: I got the game with the season pass on sale for around 50 Bucks2: I have played almost every COD since COD 2 (only haven't played Advanced War)3: I do not love COD as a franchise, the last one I preordered was MW2Campaign:The Story is really damn good. The plot is very interesting and holds it's own as a scifi thriller. Voice acting and cutscenes (while there are a few too many for my taste) are incredibly well done. All the big moments in the game feel absolutely amazing to play, and there are so many of them. It feels almost cinematic but you are actively playing in game so good on you COD devs. Holds up on it's own, not long enough for 60 bucks, but it won't let you down.Zombies: This is not like WaW zombies at all, and it's actually a pretty good thing. There is this....flavor....that this iteration of zombies has that I have not seen in anything. It's quirky, it's deep af in regards to gameplay/gun modding/easter eggs, and it just comes off as well designed and overall a unique twist on a mode that I absolutely love. The only negative I would say is that the final DLC "Beast from Beyond" map is a little plain and those stupid♥♥♥♥♥demon mutant dog things are not a good placeholder for regular zombies. Too fast and annoying.Multiplayer:Last and certainly least is multiplayer. For perspective, the last MP in COD that I strongly liked was BO2. There is this sort of skill gap between players in online, and you will quickly know you are on the wrong side. People fly about and slide shoot you to death and tbh slide shooting is hard af, but these people somehow consistently do it. There is an aggressive learning curve well above the Titanfall-esque style of gameplay this game has. I remember playing the campaign first and thinking, "♥♥♥♥, I hope this isn't how movement works in MP or I'm boned". Sure enough, I was right. The speed and movement is solid, but absolutely way too fast for me to even warrant ever aiming down the sights in MP. IDK maybe I'm too god damn old for COD (I'm only 25), but to get twitchy enough to play this version could possibly ruin my life medically I feel. Also the servers are dead as♥♥♥♥♥♥ so good luck not playing against the super good people as they occupy a majority of the remaining players.Overall2 outta 3 ain't badI would recommend this if you have a group of friends who love zombies and you're willing to give the campaign a shot, this may be one of the best COD's you'll ever play. Only recommendation is that you wait for a sale that includes the dlc, cause each zombies map is the bomb minus "Beast". Overall, I feel fine spending the $50 for the game+season pass.TL;DR+Campaign+Zombies-MultiplayerSpend $50 or less for game and all dlc, you'll be happy.
Anybody who thinks this is the same old stuff just "reskinned" obviously spent $60 to play multiplayer, and never touched singleplayer. Which is a shame, as the single player campaign on veteran was fun, and challenging!
Don't listen to people who say this game is confusing or bad!This game is actually awesome, it's an upgrade of Black Ops III.The campaign has got a storyline and the multiplayer is very good(many things to do).BUY IT!
This was better game than Mass Effect: Adromeda
WAW !!!
Performance issues have been fixed.
Solid sci-fi campaign rollercoaster.
I think the story  mode and the zombie mode is good but  the multiplayer is poor
Solid campaign, varied missions and gadgets to keep things fresh. Art is pretty nice. Multiplayer is same as usual
I just love it and hope they will bring a space opera mod like the PTU of Star citizen for the next COD ðŸ˜�If you like Star citizen or any other space game, play at this new title of Call of duty, just ignore the haters and buy it ðŸ˜Ž
Very nice SP-wise)
Okay, at first it was hard to accept the fact they are in space. Yes I know, but it shows how years are passing by as their technologies evolve ever since MW1. The story of the game is way better than it was in BO3, so are graphics. Guns and everything were awesome, what so ever and no regrets, at the end of the day.9/10 Indeed.
---Anyone who buys CoD on PC for multiplayer os setting themselves up for dissapointment--- I only buy CoD for the zombies and this game is really overlooked by many. IW takes a different direction from Treyarchs dark and gritty zombies and offers a less serious fun experience instead. The gameplay is just as solid as ever with some quality of life improvements as well (few overpowered F&F (gobblegums) and every weapon is fully customizable and is on every single map). If you already own all of Teryarch zombies and want zomething new I'd give it a shot. But I cannot advise purchasing the whole 100$ package, instead I'd wait unti its on sale for at leadt half off.Personally I feel this game is criminally underrated but the solid zombies and campaign save this game imo.
ACtually really good and enjoyable! runs amazing as well
I don't understand why this game receives soo much hate. Yes it has 'jetpacks', but jetpacks speed up the gameplay and make it interesting. When i went to play COD 4 remastered, it felt too slow and full of campers. I think Advanced Warfare left a bad taste in people's mouth then refused to play any COD Jetpack game again. I admit, AW was the worst COD of all time because the boost jumping and sliding was too rapid, but when Black Ops 3 came out, they got it right. - Then Infinite Warfare followed. Slightly faster than BO3, but the jetpacks are better on IW in my opinion.Where Infinite Warfare lacks compared to BO3 is the MP level layouts and Zombies. My BIGGEST problem with Infinite Warfare though = Lack of PC support. The same for any COD on PC, gets little to no support and you will occasionally find a hacker or 2. Because of this, the player base on PC is quite small and the only mode you can ever really get into to find a game is Team Deathmatch. You will regularly play with the same people.Gameplay: 7.5/10Story: Can't remember itGraphics: 7/10Multiplayer: 8/10Technical: 3/10
Great game :-) I like it!
Great Game all around but the part that blew me away was the campaign, played it through twice and will probably play it again soon.
Loved the story.
The PC community is small for CoD and TDM is pretty much it most times, however, I do recommend this for being a great CoD title with surprisingly good performance--especially for a CoD port. Subjectively this has been my favorite CoD title since MW2.. BO2, AW, and BO3 were garbage games and ports. IW just feels... right also IW is is does not feel locked down like BO3 did, I still don't have any "New crate weapons."  -
I'd say that it is a great game for story and zombies.For multiplayer get WW2 or BO3.
Bought this for the campaign and it was worth it. The best Call of Duty campaign since Modern Warfare 2. There are things in this campaign that you haven't seen in any other game before. Fighting in Zero G is extremely rare by itself, but a stealth mission in an asteroid field where you infiltrate a destroyer class ship? That is f*cking cool. In this campaign I didn't even hate the characters, they aren't so unsympathetic a*holes like in most Call of Duty campaigns. The campaign also has a new structure and there are even some side missions, which are obviously not as exciting as the main missions, but still good enough to be worth your time. A little disappointing that you unlock the "Specialist" mode only after beating the game. In this mode you don't have regenerating health, but a classic health system. The dogfights in space are very spectacular, but also really simple and it's almost impossible to die. The story doesn't go nowhere and the motivations of the bad guy are so absurd and never explained, and the villain is probably the most boring one from all Call of Duty games. There are tons of setpiece moments and the levels are in locations you haven't seen before in other shooters, not at this production quality and variety. Lots of small little neat ideas, like shooting glass behind enemies which will vent those enemies out of the room, or a hacking device to hack enemy robots for a short duration and self destruct afterwards.
Bought it for the story, 5 bucks on Key-Store. I must say, it was totally worth it.The first few Missions are really chaotic and intense, but thats not a bad thing.Thats the first CoD i played, where you have main- and side missions. Well, you have 3 Main-Missions. And plenty side missions, which are just way too short and don't affect the story at all.You got an own Space-War-Fighter, the controls are great. Shooting enemy fighters feels satisfying.Gameplay is ... Well, CoD since CoD 4. Not much difference. The Jump-Boost and Wallrunning feels more fluent and.. better than in Bo3.There are less weapons than in older CoD's, but that didn't bother me. There are two types of weapons:    >Energy-Weapons, which shoots lazer-thingies and do better against robots.   >Bullet-Weapons, which are just normal weapons and of course better against human.The Story is simple: Kill all Mars-People, because they want to destroy the Earth. Yes, the main charakter (you) talks.I needed 9 Hours to complete the campaign at highest difficulty.Graphics are good, the cutscenes look amazing. Still, the cutscenes can be annoying. They replay after loading screen. So you watch the same Cutscene twice. I saw plenty bugs, most of them were just funny to watch. But those bugs didn't destroy the game.Perfomance is surprisingly good, ran at V-Sync 75FPS without drops, playing on RX 480 and i7 7700k.A few missions are annoying and unfair, especially at the difficulty i played, but i did it.If they didn't call it Call of Duty, it probably would not be that hated, as it is now.Don't buy for multi-player, it sucks and i had literally no fun.- I'm not even bad or so, it just doesn't feel good to play. Didn't try the Zombie-Mode yet, and i don't think i will.
I dont know why people hate this this is a good game in my opinion soo yea
ok game sleep now
Fun game !!
Liked it
I know there's many controvisies relating to the release of this game, however, with all this put aside the multiplayer is great fun when teaming up with friends. The campain could be a little better and the multiplayer servers could be improved upon BUT it's still great fun when playing with friends paired up with a group call.I would recomend to a friend.
plz give me for free
This is a good game. Multiplayer is very alive. I play Team Deathmatch, and waiting on match is about 30 sec!There was a minor tehnical issue, due to avast antivirus compatibility, solved easily.There is so much to unlock, and progress while playing Team Deathmach. This is only mode I am interested in, and it is really good.It runs at 60fps (vsync on) maxed out 1920x1080 on i5 3350p, gtx 1060 3gb, 8 gb ram. Following with a very, very cheap price, I highly recommend this game.
I play the campaign and I have to say its AMAZING, I really dont undestand all those negative comments.EDIT: I completed the campaign on Veteran difficulty and now going through on Specialist. Highly recommend!
Bought it for the campaign and I'm glad I did. I liked Infinite Warfare better than WW2.
very good campain and multyplayer but it requires a monster of a pc to run any where near good
I don't buy games for the mutliplayer content, rather I buy them for the single player content/story. This game has an excellent story and the gameplay is fun and engaging. I think all or most of the negative reviews are because of multiplayer content. It all depends on what you want in a game. If you want a story and good gameplay in a single player game this game will give you about 10 hours of fun (if you do all the side missions). The only negative is the space combat feels like a shooter on rails, but the visuals are very nice.
The campaign is amazing, especially compared to the previous installments. The characters & story are well-written, easy to follow and very immersive. It's rather short as usual but still a great "interactive movie". The space combat is simple but surprisingly enjoyable. The soundtrack fits the sci-fi theme perfectly.The zombie mode is great too. It borrows everything from the Black Ops series but adds a lot more too it. The base map, Zombies in Spaceland, is enjoyable both with friends and alone. Great for players who love easter eggs, but casual gamers will probably enjoy it as well.Multiplayer isn't great. Probably my least favourite CoD multiplayer so far and I've actively played everything since CoD 4. If you're looking for a good multiplayer shooter you're better off getting something like Black Ops 3. All the immersion from the campaign is completely absent in multiplayer. Generic maps, gunplay isn't great, lots of cheesy weapons & tactics and a large cheating problem. Playerbase isn't active.Don't be held back by DLC or micro-transactions. The Season Pass is only valuable if you like zombies, and you're actually able to get most weapons in multiplayer by just playing the game. I would personally recommend it on sale for the zombies & campaign modes. Multiplayer is not worth it. Hopefully WW2's MP will be better.
Played for campaign. Its okay but a bit repetitive.
I will say, short and sweet, this is the best running COD yet, and the graphics are great. Story is good, I dont like the shaky camera very much though, overall I would recommend for single player, got it at 23.00, worth it!
zombies is amazing 10/10 very optimsed game with nice graphics
⬗⬗⬗ If you are thinking about getting the game: ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☐ Buy it on full price———————————————————————————————————☑ Wait for a discount———————————————————————————————————☐ The game is free———————————————————————————————————⬗⬗⬗ Graphics in the game at max sets: ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☐ Disgusting———————————————————————————————————☐ Terrible———————————————————————————————————☐ Bad———————————————————————————————————☐ Ok———————————————————————————————————☐ Great ———————————————————————————————————☐ Elegant———————————————————————————————————☑ Spectacular———————————————————————————————————☐ Masterpiece———————————————————————————————————⬗⬗⬗ Level of optimizations: ⬖⬖⬖⬗⬗⬗ This is very important, for someone why think lags are caused by bugs ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☐ Terrible———————————————————————————————————☐ Disturbing———————————————————————————————————☐ Bad———————————————————————————————————☐ Ok———————————————————————————————————☐ Great ———————————————————————————————————☑ Exceptional———————————————————————————————————⬗⬗⬗ Hardwell requirement ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☐ Home grown potato ———————————————————————————————————☐ Dad's old PC———————————————————————————————————☐ Macbooks, or any laptops under 2000 bucks———————————————————————————————————☐ School PCs where everyone sneak games in ———————————————————————————————————☑ Dedicated gaming PC, basicly can run anything, even Crysis———————————————————————————————————☐ 'Do you have a relative who works for NASA?'———————————————————————————————————⬗⬗⬗ The difficulity of the game: ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☐ Dummies exclusive———————————————————————————————————☐ Easy———————————————————————————————————☑ Ok———————————————————————————————————☑ Difficult———————————————————————————————————☑ Hard———————————————————————————————————☐ Extremely hard———————————————————————————————————☑ You can choose the difficulity ———————————————————————————————————☐ Doesn't have a difficulity———————————————————————————————————⬗⬗⬗ Rate the story/campaign quality: ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☐ Disgusting, rather skip the storymode———————————————————————————————————☐ Horrible, worse than Twilight———————————————————————————————————☐ Bad———————————————————————————————————☐ Average———————————————————————————————————☐ Good———————————————————————————————————☐ Awesome———————————————————————————————————☑ Fantastic, deserve an Oscar ———————————————————————————————————☐ It doesn't have a story———————————————————————————————————☐ It's a sim game———————————————————————————————————⬗⬗⬗ The story/campaign length ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☐ Short enough for you to get a refund ( 0 - 2 hours)———————————————————————————————————☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)———————————————————————————————————☐ Approximate length of a complete Harry Potter Series, if you consider the game at an equailvilant quality of contents ( 8 - 16 hours)———————————————————————————————————☑ Long, enough for you to skip school for a week ( 16+ hours)———————————————————————————————————☐ Doesn't have a story———————————————————————————————————☑ The game continues after the storyApproximate playtime before getting bored: 30hrs———————————————————————————————————☐ The game continues without a storyApproximate playtime before getting bored: ———————————————————————————————————⬗⬗⬗ Is there bugs in this game? ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☐ Game itself is a giant bug———————————————————————————————————☐ Lot of important bugs capable of causing potential anxiety———————————————————————————————————☐ Few crucial bugs———————————————————————————————————☐ No critical bugs damaging the gameplay———————————————————————————————————☑ Few not so important bugs, near perfection———————————————————————————————————☐ I haven't seen any bugs at all in this game, atta perfection ———————————————————————————————————⬗⬗⬗ Verdict ⬖⬖⬖———————————————————————————————————☑ 9/10 ☗☗☗☗☗☗☗☗☗☖ Extraodinary game, well written campaign, a much better multiplayer with improvement on combat systems and boosts comparing to Black Ops 3, i don't see where is the hate coming from———————————————————————————————————Here are the symbols if u want to use this ☐ ☑ ☒ ☗ ☖
I love all games of COD.  Although I don't like the futuristic games much (excluding Black ops 2), It's a nice game.  The campaign has a good storyline and the multiplayer is competitive.  keep it up!
This game has one of the best singleplayer campaigns for a call of duty game, however the PvP is the same stuff as before with just a new skin. The PvP does not have many people playing it and only a few gamemodes actually have enough people playing to find matches. If you get this get it from a sale and for the singleplayer. There are multiple better PvP games available for Pc and heck some of the older call of duties have better PvP and more people playing them.
Amazing zombies chronicle.
Honestly, the hate for this game is ballocks. The campaign is fun from what I have heard, the MP is alright and playable and at most points fun, but the chances of finding anything but TDM, HC TDM, or DOM are limited.Zombies I think is the key componenet, I love this game and everything about it tbh
its a good game and i have 117hrs
it is cool i love this game <3
Hello, Everyone.I'm an English learner. If I use wrong grammar or vocabulary, Please let me know.First of all, Zombie mode is totally awesome.I really like this thing that We can get keys for opening supply drop in Zombies.So, It means We don't need to play Multiplayer for getting keys for it.My multiplayer skills are not good, and I can get frustrated easily while playing multiplayer.I had to play for supply drop on BO3. I thought I don't wanna play multiplayer again and again...Although We can choose to play or not to play on IW. It's absolutely great!I've just told about the supply drop, And I also want to say zombie mode gameplay is awesome.You can use so many weapons to kill zombies as well as It avoids you being bored.All main easter eggs(including season-pass maps) are obviously difficult, Maybe It makes you feel bad.But You will be elated when you beat easter egg boss!Needless to say, but I have to say it. *YOU CAN'T FIND ONLINE PLAYERS ON ZOMBIE MODE*If you want to play with others online, I suggest that you should find online players from a community group.I recommend this game for playing only zombie mode players.And This is last words. Thank you for reading my review :D
proper solid campaign
Great game the campaign is after BlOps3 my favorite. the fighter combat is really fun i wish there would have been more of it. or in general the game could have been longer took me 8 hours and i took my sweet time. i also like the characters especially Ethan was fun. which made the ending for me quite sad.
Well alot of hackers. But if you plug in your controller you get clear aimbot. I'm not joking this game is broken. I'm still having fun making people rage cuz of my aim. LOL LET THEM CRY.
I dont know why all the hate, that kept me from buying the game, but i have bought this game on sale and wow one word, awesome! P.S: People with all the negative comments can ♥♥♥♥ right off!!!!
This game seems to catch a lot of flack.  I went in without a bias.  I'll say upfront, I didn't dislike the scifi setting, and thought it was well presented without being difficult to believe,Full disclosure, I don't play multiplayer games very often, and have not tried the multiplayer portion of this game.  However, I found the campaign to be engaging, challenging, and beautiful.  Voice acting was good, graphics were great, settings were interesting, and the story was predictable, but fun nonetheless.  The game crashed on me twice in my campaign playthrough, but the frequent autosave functionality meant I wasn't set back very far at all.I enjoyed this title quite a bit.   If you're interested in a 15ish hour campaign that takes you on a pretty wild, if typical, COD ride, this will scratch that itch.
campaign was amazing
♥♥♥♥
This game improved upon many issues COD franchise had. Supply Drop system and DLC weapons were handled with absolute perfection.Maps design was great, weapons balanced nicely. Map loading time while in lobby is absolutely genious.Specialists are not game making/breaking like in BO3. They do not determine the outcome of a game which is a step in the right direction.The game received hate because of its poor timing, other than that, another great COD game.
Perfect
Best COD campaign and best zombie map spaceland. Tons of glitches to explore in zombie maps.  Completed spaceland easter egg which was a blast. Get tons of keys by glitching in zombie maps.
Very fun game, i've only played multiplayer part of it but i can tell it's fun and addictive. I've bought this game to get CoD:MW Remastered and it turned out that MW remastered is pretty much unplayable because of cheaters. In CoD:IW multiplayer i've encountered cheaters few times but it's not as bad as in modern warfare...Anyway, if you're looking for very fast shooter with wallrunning and jetpacks i'd recommend this game for you.There is few things i don't like in this game, which are "microtransactions" and a lot of modifications for weapons, which means that people who're playing the game for some time already have better weapons... This is the biggest issue for me, weapons in game should have the same statistics because people new to the game are not only unfamiliar to the game rules and environment but also they have to use guns that are worse than the ones used by experienced players.Other than that the game is quite fun. I wouldn't buy "season pass" unless you want to play in zombie mode a lot because on PC there is not many owners of these DLC's so you'd simply waste your money.
One of my favourite CoD i've ever played
Sooooo this game gets a ton of hate. COD is a polarizing series, absolutely. I had not bought a single COD game singe MW2. I purhcased purely based on the fact the Campaign in Infinite Warfare was supposed to be the best since MW2....and its TRUE. The campaign is great. I havent tried the multi or zombies, but those have always been an afterthought to me compared to the campaigns, as a veteran and enthusiast of COD 1 and 2, where the campaigns were the highlight. This game does so many things right and the setting of space is utilized to its utmost potential. If you are looking for a good campaign after all these years, its finally here, that is the only area this review is touching.
I noticed this game had mostly negitive reviews mainly based on the multiplayer (which I am not interested in). So I felt i had to post a comment on the games excellent single player. I loved it! Well put together and immersive. I hope WW2 single is a lot like this one and development team was not put off by the negitive comments towards this game.
Possibly the best Call of Duty I have played so far. When it comes to the campaign. The campaign is absolutely amazing! Full of intense action and very emotional moments, but the multiplayer is not so good, it takes ages to find a match, if you do fine one! And it's just generally not very fun 2 play,
Ich kann den hass auf das Game nicht verstehen, ich persönlich finde das nicht schlecht und finde es nicht fair das man das Spiel schlecht macht nur weil man sich nicht mit der Zukunfts Thematik nicht einlassen kann. Also Daumen hoch, es ist ein Cod  und hat auch nette Dinge wie jedes andere auch.
Solid Game. Does feel a bit rushed, as in the campaign doesn't feel fully fluent but holds steady. Plot was really good in my eyes....and you get to fight the king of the north sooo theres that.
Almost didn't buy it because of the reviews but clearly the reason this has a negative score has nothing to do with the quality of a game you are getting.
NOW THATS A SUPPLY DROP
If you liked bo3 you'll probably enjoy this as well sinceBetter:Weapon/specialist balancenot as p2wSupply drop system in generalCampaignVery diffrent zombies experience not better then 3arc's but still very good Bad part you can only play TDM and DOM (like on pretty much any cod on pc), and since there is very small playerbase you can commonly run into sweaty tryhards.Overall fantastic casual fps for less then 10 € on k1ngu1n (atleast at the time of writing the review)
For me a CoD game needs to have a good single player campaign, I know many people wants them just for the multi-player experience, but not me.To be honest this one was the worse one. We have gone too far with the CoD saga, space. Futuristic settings in different planets? Does not have the feeling of previous editions. The story seems linear and not much effort into it, the missions get repetitive after a while, assault a planet or a ship? Those are the choices in different areas of the galaxy. We need the old days of CoD to comeback, WW2 settings, present day… a bit more work into the single player campaign as if it used to be on MW and MW2.The multi-player also feels rushed and excessively far ahead with futuristic guns and super jumps (once again).In addition, why do we never get any single player content on DLC? Is always multi-player. Rather play AW or War at world before this one again (by the way the main reason I purchased this one was for the remastered MW and that's why I have recommended the game )
It's a shooty space gameI like shooty space gamesTBH I don't see why this game gets so much hate, it's a legitimately fun game
I like the gameplay all on this game. Even like how they redone zombies. Best call of duty yet.
Pretty great single player campaign which is fine with me because that's why I play CoD games.  I rarely review, but this game has a hate bandwagon going that is unfair.
Worth , the money , only con is cheaters , but hey , you ll find them in every game.I like the weapons and the fact that you can play a lot of different styles with each rig.
I really don't know what people have against this game. It is one of the best Cod games ever! Great campaign which somehow feels a bit like Battlestar Galactica. The multiplayer is pretty cool also and feels a bit less frantic than other cod games and I really did not encounter any cheaters so far... but I only played some hours so far. The graphics are really nice with great postprocessing and technically there are no problems... fast loading times and runs flawlessly with 60fps even on higher resolutions than 1080p and highest settings... at least on my Rig. The only thing I miss is a splitscreen co-op mode like in Black Ops 3 but in other matters I can only recommend this game and I'm going to play a lot more...
Well it's a hard choice thumbs up or down. I gave it a thumbs up for a couple reasons. :)First I bought it on sale this game really any new game is just not worth $60! But for $29 it's real value it's a fun game. I'm playing almost one year after the release so maybe that's why I have only run into one cheater in about 30 online games. You know some little loser child that mommy told "Every bodies a winner honey here's me CC" Other then that one kid most were just normal players. Some bad, some REAL bad lol and others REAL good.The custom games is why I bought it just to play with my friends then we can play something besides the BD TeamDeathBore. There are so many game types and the most mindless one is only one people seem to play. :(The maps are pretty large for COD, some fun guns and load-out love the LASER, movement is fast, sounds of the guns are good. Over all if they cut the 7 hours of PC videos out of the single player or let us skip them! It would be an excellent game. The game would be perfect if they did two things even one of them! (BOTS)1.) If i'm looking for something besides TDM! Fill the game with bots and as people join boot the bots. Just like custom games work. So when three of my friends and I want to play a few different game types we still earn XP.2.) Either find the BEST HARDWARE & INTERNET SPEED FOR HOSTING or let us a browser and connect to the game we want. AND NEVER LET LAPTOPS HOST!!
Multiplayer is awful however it's still worth to buy cos of best CoD singleplayer campaign ever.
The campaign is actually good and original compared to other CoD titles. It is also nonlinear with many optional missions. Multiplayer is garbage but CoD multiplayer died after CoD4: Modern Warfare, so nothing new. I really don't understand why, knowing that they are capable of making good singleplayer campaigns, activision don't give up multiplayer to actually develop a title centred around singleplayer and accept the multiplayer military FPS monopoly is held by Battlefield.
nice game

Amazing game
Best COD campaign I've ever played. Played it 6 hours straight one day to finish it on easy mode, then I finished it on Veteran the next few days. Multiplayer looks like same old COD though.
online is deadand if there is someone who is playiing itd or TDM o capture the pointcampaing is too complicatedonly the zombies is goodi would change my mind if they would add nuke town to the game (but its most likely not gonna happend)buti still think that disliking this game is wrongif i will say that i didnt enjoyed it is a liei realy had fun playing this game
Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare8/10
l like it. it soooooo fun
this game is was the best campien in a cod game the multiplayer is fun and the zombies is my fav so this game is a 9\10
i like the game but i dont have it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't know why people are saying mostly negative things about this game ! Yes, COD shifted from mainstream wargame to sci-fi FPS. But it's fun to play this genre too that too with mind blowing graphics !! Don't give priority to those negative comments guys. Play it yourself, if you are a FPS lover, you will surely enjoy it. Cheers !!
I have to say coming from xbox one to PC is night and day difference.  Have only played the campaign so far, since I'm trying to learn the controls and get ready for WW2 but these graphics are insane!!  I can't belive I have missed out on these graphics for this long!  Campaign is defiently worth it for this game, and I could imagine the zombies and multiplayer will be awesome as well!
The online community is dead  expect, but the single player campaign is damned good.   If you're like me and that si your main focus for a game, then I do reccomend this.Has a SC2 type mission select system which is cool.
just buy bo 3 for zambuus but if you are rich boy then buy season pass and crates and have good times for zambuuus
People love to hate on this game but it's very good. The movement system is way better than BO3 and AW. The supply drop system is the best of the supply drop era (and I know that it is still there but Activision want $$). The campaign was pretty good and the multiplayer is excellent. The one problem is the player base, but if people with influence like youtubers didn't hate so much it wouldn't be an issue.
Massive Storry
So far, I'm really enjoying this game. I haven't touched the multiplayer, but the campaign mode is very fun. It seems the main mistake that the developers made was calling it a Call of Duty game. If they had released it under its own name, the reviews would be a lot better. Anyway, I'd definitely recommend it especially if you can get it on sale. Don't let the 10K+ negative reviews scare you off.
good game i love it
loved it
mostly negative?? HA-HA-HA battleshit 1 fanboys
Infinte Warfare more like Infinte Gayfare
I initially game this game a negative review because it would not launch properly on my PC. I recently picked this game up on PS4 for $5, and it was actually a pretty good game. It's different, but still good. I'd recommend you getting this game (And any COD game) on Console, either PS4 or Xbox One. It seems to be more alive om consoles, although in general this game doesn't have as many players as older Call of Duty games due to the hate on it.I'd like to mention that since I have only played it on PS4, I'm not aware of any bugs on PC, and considering Black Ops III on PC, there will probably be bugs.Overall, 7.5/10 on PS4, most likely about the same on PC
GG! GREAT GAME! :):):)
Great game, it just needs more players in MP.
Not as bad as I thought it would be, combat was as expected and the space combat was a new element that was fun. Otherwise it was the same as most other Call of Duty games. I wouldn't buy it at full price but at a discount why not.
The multiplayer is what you'd expect it to be. Normie♥♥♥♥♥♥for 12 year olds. However, the campaign in this was the best since the MW2 glory days. If you can get it cheap, pick it up. Definitely don't get it for the online components, though.
great
This is a pretty cool Call of duty, but I wish in Multiplayer I was playing a match with people close to my rank/level.
This game is fun idk why people ♥♥♥♥♥ing
The original satisfying Call of duty gameplay, with the addition of new gameplay mechanics stunning visuals and a surprisingly touching story. New zombies ideas, overall zombie mode colourful and fun.Multiplayer is ok as long as you arent ''annoyed'' by the futuristic exosuitsI had some real fun and shed some real tears with this game, even though I thought it sucked when it came out.Buy it when it drops 20 dollars, Menendez out.
this game can be fun from time to time. I got this game for 20 euros from an unknown source. I do not think this game is worth 59.99 euros.  plus 49.99 for the season pass. Its just a normal call of duty game with a ton of microtransactions.But it is a fun game. If its on sale it may be worth your money. But keep in mind after 1 year there will be no players left. They will have moved on to the next one.
I dont care what people say. I LOVE THIS GAME
I'm going to go ahead and give this game a positive review, but keep in mind I only played the single player.  I was very pleasantly surprised by a gripping story and good gameplay.  Definitely not worth the full price though.
There is much to say about this game.Multiplayer is not that fun, just like all the latest COD games.Zombies is pretty okey it´s really fun the first tre times, Then you will forget that it's exists.And then we have the campaign. The most amazing story i played for a long time. Perfect length of the story so it does not get boring. There is always plenty going on, and with all the side misson it´s a big and great game. So for me it was worth 60$ True masterpiece!(I really recommend this game)
not bad for a 8euros game (yes i paid only 8 hahaha), i dont know why 70gb xD soo few maps but hey for 8 euros i can shoot some people, and get killed like x3 more times
This review is based purely on the SIngle-Player Campaign. First things first I'm going to say that I really enjoyed this campaign. Way more than I expected to actually. I've always like sci-fi so I guess I went in with a more open mind than most people but I get a really good vibe from the art direction, design work and characterisation. Fans of series like Battlestar Galactica will instantly see the similarities.The characters were mixed but two particularly stood out for me. Great interactions with meaningful story impacts.Ultimately though it's the ability to pick your mssions, choose your load-outs and mixing in Raptor (space craft) combat that makes this game shine for me. Being in space is really well done with the idea of being in a fully 3D environment with movement in all directions; again, if you've watched Battlestar Galactica then you'll feel like you're in a Viper.Moral of the story is don't go by popular opinion; if you don't mind a sci-fi setting and enjoy first-person shooters with a modicum of story then this game will serve you well. I got it for £10 so it was well worth the cash, what it's worth to you will depend on how much you enjoy single-player campaigns.
good game not enough players i recommend it if you love cod campaigns and are ok with solo zombies or if you have friends to play with
Fantastic
I simply don't know why people hate this game.
lol im not a cod fan so i will recommend
Singeplayer is actually quite fun.
I don't understand the hate....I've played the game for over 45 hours and can actually say, this is a great Cod game with very little to not want. The canpaign is very, very good. I love that you can choose your missions and the space battles are actually good. I'd say the campaign is similar to Star Wars Battlefront II's (2005) Galactic Conquest.  I'm not sure how great the multiplayer is, but the zombies are really fun alone and with friends. I'd say the best zombies to date. There are some PC related probems. Even with my 1080Ti it still is gltichy at times with ranodm studderig. At times the face animation, and audio is off and I'm not sure why.  While  I'm glad there is some sort of 21:9 support, but it's not perfect with some menu items cut off. In game though 21:9 looks fine. Biggest other setting I'd like is a FPS cap that you can slide.
Pros:- Great campaign with a solid story and some fun side missions.- Gameplay is smooth and there is plenty of variation.- Movement system feels great and allows for varied movement through maps.- Zombies isn't as good as Tyrarchs but is still good fun.- MP is fun but very frenetic and it will take time to get use to the speed of.- Runs well and looks good.Cons:- 90fps mp cap.- Lootcrate system which you can pay real money for is essentially pay to win. :(- Small playerbase.- No server browser (please bring this back for all cod games).- Only populated mp mode is TDM.Also keep in mind that whilst it runs fine for me some people have reported performance issues (though none here with and i7 3770k, 8gb of ram and a 970). Recommend getting when on sale, the campaign alone is worth the price of admission then and the rest is essentially a bonus.
NOTE: IF YOU DO NOT LIKE CALL OF DUTY, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME PS: Also, I've only put 3 hours in at the time of this review, this is more of my first impressions of a casual player.Okay, this will be a short one.This game's campagian is one of the better campagins in the Call of Duty franchise. It gets a 7.9/10.Right, this game's multiplayer is defiently almost dead, its kind of like a person on their death bed taking their last gasps of air for another hour before they collapse and stay dead. I cannot find many games, practically in the Oceania region there are only people on Team Death Match and Free for All. Don't buy this game for the multiplayer, this gets a 5.5/10 from me.The zombies, I don't need to say much about it, it is your average COD zombies mode, defiently can't live up to the vibe and overall fun of COD BO3's zombie mode. 6/10.This game has run fine at 1080p at medium/high settings on my i7 7700HQ and GTX 1050 4GB, and I've not experienced any crashes in my play time but I do find there are lots of FPS drops to 10, it is really annoying whilst playing online matches and espically zombies.Overall, this game is not worth anything more than $20. In my casual opinon, pick this game up on sale if you can for $20 - $30.
Screw the PvP crybabies, this campaign has a storyline that is the best since the first Black Ops and the funnest since the original WWII CoDs. I want a single player Infinite Warfare 2. The PvP in CoD these days is toxic anyway. That's it, that's my review.
One of the most well thought out and straight up best campaings I have ever playedThis game is a masterpiece.
I really do recommend this game, campaign is fun.. the multiplayer is just awesome, deep customization, nice maps and combat rigs, lots of weapons. The movement and aiming is pretty good, graphics are good too.Recommended if you get it on sale ;-)
zombies, yeah anything else nah...
Hot
It was a successful game, but now the multiplayer is very deserted8/10
it was fun while it lasted.
The Hate... The hate this game got is undeserved. Yes the Multiplayer may not be as good as in others CoD's but you get the NV4 at the start. The most hated weapon for noobs so its not reallyy hard to get kill with it and work your way up to guns you want. You dont need to buy supply drops to get the weapons you want. The zombies are fun! if you dont buy the season pass you get only Zombies in SpaceLand but hell they are really fun to play. I have 70 hours on this game (in time of making this review) and i still didnt finished all the Easter eggs on that map. And the STORY. Oh man the story is really great! I enjoyed it much more than any Space related story game (every Star wars included) In other cods you mostly get to play the hero of the battle. Which comes back home with few scratches but is overall okay. In this story its different. There is alot of things today soldiers have to experience in order to finish the mission. (but in space). If you want GREAT STORY and Okay multiplayer you should definetly pick this game up. its worth the 60$ (100$ including season pass) The hate on the Trailer is indeserved and this game definetly needs more attention and bigger playerbase
I have mixed feeling about this COD.  I thought the story idea (both space and ground based) to have a lot of potential, but, like so many other COD titles, I just thought it was over too quickly and needed some expansion.The gameplay and mechanics are still top notch and I enjoyed playing it.  I'd say it is really worth it at 1/2 price.  An "OK" purchase at near or full price.FWIW, I don't think enough effort is put into the PC versions.  I watch online vids of console players and they are hitting everything they even get close to, while with my PC version, it is more difficult with a mouse and keyboard to get the fine aiming I often need for the "sniping/stealth" mode I prefer.  I wish they'd make the gameplay/mechanics closer between the console and PC versions.Anyway, recommended.PS. I have high game hours because I leave the game running in the background when not playing.  Also, I do NOT like multiplayer games, so this review is of the Campaign portion, only.
Everyone Please Stop Giving The Game Bad. I Know Infinity Ward Made It Bad. But The Other Games Where A Huge Sucess. But Please Stop Hating On The Game. Becuase Of Hackers And Glitches Its Nothing.
I loved this game. It doesn't deserve the hate.I like COD for the story mode and I don't hesitate to say this is their best campaign ever. Good story, real characters (by COD standards) good flexibility in missions and side-ops, nice assortment of guns that feel credible in your hands. I have been waiting since MW2 for COD in space and I finally got it. I hope IW has the balls to make IW2. I didn't care for the multiplayer as much but I didn't dislike it.Pretty fed up with the loot crates but at least it wasn't as bad as BO3- I really hated getting new guns from crates when I already bought the deluxe edition.
Campaign is good
This game is extremely underrated. Most people disliked it since the beginning for not being a boots on the ground game. But this game is filled with great and polished content.It still has its many problems, like the grinding (which has been there since the begining of multiplayer CoD), the matchmaking (it's quick, but it's hard to find a good lobby) and the season pass (which has also been in the last CoD games and will be i  CoD WWII). Most of the problems Infinite Warfare has are not because of the advanced movement system, but because of the Call of Duty formula. If you still like the Call of Duty formula, you should give it a try.
Don't judge a book by its cover
It's a good game people, don't be people guys try it there r some who don't try n say infinite warfare sucks, especially in the zombies mode hats off to infinite warfare n the team!!!!!!!!!
Seems like a nice game, but my computer is unfortunatelly not strong enough. Game will have to wait until upgrade (hopefully).Update:With new gpu game runs great. I like game design, movement, weapon design. With practice it is joy to play.
I don't know why everyone likes to hate this game so much while it's so fun and addicting.I have a ton more fun then playing with the dabbing sobbing squealing kids in BO3. The Gameplay is fast and well rounded the Connection is good didn't experience any lagg in all the month exept some wierds dcs now and then. The game is nice balanced and the Supply drop system is a ton better and fairer then the♥♥♥♥♥♥we saw in BO3. The Character models the maps and weapons all around feels a lot better for me then in BO3 and more mature (No cringy camos and gestures no ♥♥♥♥ing dabbing). And most importantly you won't hear any squealing 10yo kid calling you a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ every game. Also the system with the weapon variants really give the game a big reason to keep playing and having a lot of diversity since some of the weapons behave different then the base versions while still being good balanced and open to everyone with some playing (didn't spend more then 20€ and have almost every epic version that exists in the game).Over all the months I never saw one person telling me why IW is bad I have every cod since COD 4 in my library with tons of hours into it but nothing keeps me so addicted like IW and maybe BO2 with BO3 being the worst of all.So in conclusion if you like hating on things you didn't try yourself and don't have an own opinion go on if you want to play a great fun game with a nice playerbase and fair Supply drop system with free DLC weapons for everyone give it a try you can still get a refund if you really don't like it.
The first CoD game I've played since World at War and it's still (mostly) the same thing. What drew me to this one was the setting (sci fi vs modern world politics) and although the bad guys were a bit of a caricature as a single player I did enjoy the campaign for what it had to offer, i.e. the variety in missions with some casual dogfighting, zero gravity assault and your standard CoD shooting with the addition of jetpacks and custom weapons. The hero was a bit bland and boring and the bad guy from the Game of Thrones TV show failed to impress but all in all the gorgeous sceneries and comfortable shooting mechanics made up for that. One mission which focused on stealth was particularly enjoyable and if the entire campaign didn't take too long to complete the good thing is that it didn't overstay its welcome by artificially dragging things out (I hate when that happens in games). The zombie mode is also a nice addition but it's a bit limited when playing solo (I assume this mode must be a lot of fun with friends though).
Best COD ever, best DABS out there.
Best COD since MW/MW2. True courage for Activation to venture into SciFi and Space genre. The single player campaign is way better than BF1. Wish the graphics could be a little better and they could fix the virtual memory over commit problem. If you don't have virtual memory turned on you need at least 24GB of RAM to run it and most of them are committed but unused!
Great Campaign, Multiplayer and Zombie and IW is optimized, it run well on GTX 1050ti with 2k resolution. But there's not too much players are playing this game and that is so sad :(
WARNING: IF YOU GAME IS SLOW, CHANGE THE REFRESH RATE IN THE SETTINGS TO 59!!!!!This game has been bashed so much; and I do not get why.The story so far has been awesome; the space combat is fun and entertaining although messy, with more explosions than a michael bay movie.I did get the game only for single player, and I can say that it is totally worth it. The graphic is awesome; the various gadget used (like the hacking tool) are really useful and with a purpose; and having limited charges make you think a lot before use it. Being a fan of space games in general, can't find really anything too bad about this game, after playing few hours of the campaign.I wish the game was less "on rails", but this is COD; it has always been like this; so no complains here. If other games would have the same level of graphics and animations, but with the freedom to fly your own ship, I think they would be really on top.AI is decent; they move with you, and do a decent job shooting enemies, although at times they are just stuck, and no matter how close an enemy is, they won't take him down, until you do and move forward. Again, this has been in COD games for long time, so nothing new.Can't say anything about the zombie mode, nor the multiplayer because I do not care at all about that aspect, so if it is good or bad, I don't really know, and honestly, I am not even interested in trying it. The main reason for me to get the game was the single player campaign after all.The game need a very strong hardware; so if you do not have at least a GTX980, better to move on; otherwise I have been playing at 60FPS in 1080p without problem.IF you like single player campaigns, with awesome animations and cutscenes, and enjoy COD stories, this game won't disappoint.
it is a great game it is made well the multiplayer is good and it is worth buying if you like Futuristic games
• The zombies is really the only saving grace of IW, besides maybe the MW:remaster• All of the zombies maps are very good, on par with old-school zombies imo (black ops 1 / 2)• Zombies• The easter eggs are all very comprehensive and entertaining to do• The overarching "Super easter egg" for after completing all of the map easter eggs provides a lot more replayability• 91 fps lock no matter what you do• No MSAA anti-aliasing (you can super-sample your resolution but it's not really the same thing)• Multiplayer isn't very interesting and is a cash cow for cod points• IMO campaign wasn't as good as other cods, the non-linear campaign progression with side missions isn't a good fit for cod• The active playerbase is INCREDIBLY small in comparison to console (usually under 5k people)• There are some people who openly cheat in multiplayer, I've played about 30 hours of multiplayer and I have only found a couple, but it shows that it's possible
.
The campaign was amazing.Everything else is terrible, don't bother unless it's like £10.
Best game, EVER...
Call me autistic no lifer but i have fun with this game.
Besides the multiplayer, campaign and zombie mode aren't that bad to be honest.
good game...but the hackers gotta goooooo!
The zombies one of the best zobies ever and the campain is amazing but the multiplayer sucks. The zombies is really good and well designed and so is the campain. Multiplayer is to boosty but if you like that then you will probaly like this. If you play this game for the zombies then this is the game for you
Why cant they just have the Zombie maps in a pack by their own for like $15?
Good shooter. Usual COD problems tho.
I like this game because is challangeing and fun.
If you play the Call of Duty games for the campaign this is one of the better ones. Recommended if you get it on sale :)
Actually I dont want to say anything about this game, dont even think its cod, but Im not the right person qualified to say that way. Im a BattleField lover and have no interest in cod's multiplayer, I just want it to show us what war truely is and I dont think this generation has ever managed to reach that point, which made me really upset after finnishing it. Again, I leave the criticism to others. Lets give Infinity Ward a vacation and expect WWII instead, wont let me down I suppose.
Multiplayer is blah but the single player campaign is actually really really good.  Charecters are well developed for the most part with motivations being pretty cut and dry.  The voice acting is great and dialogue feel like proper contemporary military jargin without any real technnobabble to confuse the situation.  More Starship troopers than Apocolypse now, it tells it's story without any real time to breath.  Which is how a pure action title should play.Theirs a little star fighter and weapon customization thrown in for fun but nothing to personal.  Has some great set pieces and uses them well over the course of the 8-10hr campaign (took me 10.5hrs to complete all missions).New optional missions mix up the early game but once you reach the halfway point in the main story, the optional missions become locked out.  Thankfully, the game lets you know before you reach that point (though i wish it had told me one mission sooner honestly).Graphics are killer and the game is really well optomized.This is actually my favorite COD single player campaign now.  I"ll probably play it agian in a few months which is more than i've ever done with a COD title before.
Game is very good. Bioware should hire the authors of this game to produce next part of Mass Effect, the game would be a hit. Of course, I appreciate what is the essence of the game - single player mode and not mindless multiplayer.
I really do recommend this game, extremely fun zombies (if you dont suck) and amazing campaign... mp sucks just dont play that and youll be fine!
A great campaign wasted in the wrong time period. Too bad the way it was implemented,  the campaign wasn't  just on earth.. No you have to fly in space ships and crap to get to the missions.. Making the game feel like Ace combat and crap. The gunplay on the ground is good however.  The sound effects have no separation at all. The sound efx all muddles together when things heat up. Making it hard to appreciate distinct sounds.  I'm one of "those"  that don't play COD MP at all. My opinion is mix about IW. If you like single player it's worth a romp for the right price. Less than half. If I paid anything near full price I would be P''d off. I like the single player more than I dislike it
Zombies is really good and multiplayer is dead, takes a while to find a game, and you might lag out by the way.
game is very good  but the only thing wrong with it is is the lack of the zombie maps you cant buyed them by themself or the map packs they should add the map packs by them selfs
Pretty damn fun. A great Campaign, funny zombies, and a meh Multiplayer. The weapons though are freaking awesome. Dont jump on the hate wagon.
pupu
The campaign, and it was beautiful. Also, it DOES have zombies, and I enjoyed it.
Hello! This is my first review, so sorry for how bad it is.Just before we start, I bought this game for £6.99 on , wouldn't do it for an indie game but Activision are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, so I why not and bought it. I highly recommend you do the same.I am a fan of the COD series, and unlike most, I quite like the jump-around-your-head type stuff. People never gave this game a chance in the first place, hence all the negative reviews. I am just going to get the only really bad thing (in my opinion) out of the way, and that is the supply drop system. I don't care if you say you can grind the game, if you buy supply drops, you are at a considerable advantage. You can earn them, but the rates for earning keys and salvage are stupid. Luckily, if you do spend a lot of money on supply drops, if you don't get the thing you want, you can just buy it using salvage gained from the supply drops. Also, there are weapon variants that are not available through supply drops, so get grinding!Now the good bits. I know there are bots in the online service floating around, but the Matchmaking service is genuinely brilliant. Considering that there are only 1500 people in the game, 10 seconds as the longest time to get into a match is amazing. The feeling when you get a kill is amazing and very satisfying. The campaign is one of the best campaigns in a COD game, ever. I genuinely like the campaign as much as the one from Modern Warfare, and no other COD game has ever come that close in my opinion. The air combat is brilliant and frenetic, especially on high difficulty. The zero-gravity combat is really good as well. There are a few scenes where characters die, and I genuinely felt sad when it happened.Moving on to Zombies. It is good. The feeling of killing a fairly difficult boss is very satisfying, and there is no BO3-like usable items that give you an insane edge. I've never felt like I needed a Fate & Fortune card. I have not played them, but I have been told that the other zombies maps aren't great (DLC4 Excluded, it hasn't come out yet). Look further into it if buying Season Pass/Map Packs for Zombies.Overall, I genuinely feel like this is a great game. Shame about the Supply Drops though.
Bardzo mała ilość graczy ale gra sama w sobie bardzo fajna :D
I was looking for a recent, cheap casual shooter and thought: "Why not try COD Infinite Warfare", so I bought it for dirt cheap in another reseller and gave it a try. I have not played COD since MW3 and after 2 hours of playing IW in story mode I can say that im very happy with it. The graphics are amazing, the sounds are realistic, the voice acting and lip sync is on point. The gameplay is the usual COD gameplay and since it's in space, the weapons are high tech and there's thrusters on your suit so you can hover, wall ride and double jump, these mechanics gave the game a higher and more dynamic feel. I don't get why people hate this COD so much, I understand that for someone who bought COD every year it might have felt like more of the same but is it a bad, broken and unplayable game that deserves such low reviews? There are far worse games that do not deserve positive ratings such as those JRPG's that look all the same, made in RPGMaker just for a quick cash in from the Otakus that drool over drawn females or the games that exist just so people can farm cards and make money out of the Steam market. I look at COD IW as a Sci-Fi Casual Action Shooter and it does an amazing job at that. You play as a Lt. in the military from Earth which is at war with the army from Mars (now colonized). It's rebel leader wants to conquer the rest of the solar system because Mars had been neglected and only served to gather materials to bring back to Earth (this reminds me a lot of when the African colonies start to revolt against the empires that owned them). I'm having tons of fun playing IW. I did not buy it for it's online gameplay so I can't say anything about that but if you're looking for a casual shooter that has a good sci-fi feel and a good story then this is your go-to. Just dont buy it on steam for it's full price since you can get it for $15 or lower in other resellers.*incoming thumbs down*Edit: Forgot to mention, you can select the missions you want to do in the available planets from the Solar System and you have a lot of gameplay time piloting and fighting space ships in Star Wars like battles.
bomb best
Loved the game
bought it becuz bo3 was out of stock exde
I almost permanently removed this game from my list, after 20 freezes almost gave up, but some idea came to my mind and... Yes, this game have some serious problems with ports, thats for sure. To run the game you will have to give a special permission to your Antyvirus Firewall; is it Windows Defender, Avast or AVG. They have the same bloody issue and they are goint to freeze the game just before actual gameplay. I heard possitive feedback with Kaspersky Antyvirus, try this one for a change.Make the force be with you!
Campaign is fun. I didn't play multiplayer.If you like space combat in fighter jets, and also want a pretty cool zero-g run and gun experience with your normal boots on the ground stuff, this is up there.
Shaolin Shuffle far exceeds any gaming experience out there, highly recommend this game.
cool
i really dont f*cking care what people thinks about this, its still the same warfare feeling for me still epic quality, optimalization i love it, way not too much hackers coz of perks u can have WH too so sometimes its hard to decide, 1 week and sometimes im first sometimes not i love it really guys stop writing sh*its if ure getting r*ped peace
The bandwagon hate train is strong with this one. Can't lie, I was on the bandwagon myself too at one point. But I am an avid fan of CoD series since the original, so I have to get every one of them, no matter the reviews.And to my big surprise, the game was not a horrid as everyone would have you believe. The most positive thing I can say about the game multiplayer wise is that gun balance is done quite well in terms of CoD series. There's not particularly any clearly broken weapons, like in previous CoD's so weapon balance, while not perfect, definitely great. It's a pretty standard MP experience I do not think I have to go into detail. One of my gripes is the jetpack/wall run system is busted and lame in MP compared to Advanced Warfare. A lot of people just hovering in air spraying, here and there, otherwise its not that bad.I'd rate this CoD 8/10
awesome game
If you are looking for a nice singleplayer fps experience then you should get this. I enjoyed the campaign very much. Heard that the multiplayer sucks tho but never played it. I always liked the singleplayer part of every cod. Nice graphics, effects, story, gameplay. 9/10 for the single campaign
nice Game
First off, I don't really like the multiplayer for this game.Now then, the singleplayer campaign is probably the best part of COD:IW, probably one of the best and most dynamic storylines since COD 4.Now then, the multiplayer.Multiplayer feels somewhat class based, while still being that of COD, however most people don't really like the fact you can hover in the air, however there is a gamemode that is made to feel like old COD.Graphics: Definitely good looking, especially with the level design.Would I reccomend it? If you like futuristic sci fi storylines that feel immersive, then yes.If you are looking for an online multiplayer, this probably isn't the best place, go look elsewhere.
First, I went into this game with the negitive reviews in mind and also the positive ones as well.  So I looked at both point of views on this game.  I do not have the Season pass as there is no content for one to justify the money.Pros:GraphicsStoryacting/voice oversDifferent arena (Space)Neat weapons Cons:To short, would have loved more fighter time and even capital ship fightingSome custimization but not as much as there should be in game.Okay so my lists are small, but I do not play CoD for MP as I hate how many hackers there are in most of these games today, so i do not even bother anymore.  I actually enjoyed the game I liked the new arena of Space and bording ships etc...The only problem I had/have with this game is how short it is, The time I have as of this review is 34.8 hours and that is all side quests and main story done.  I don't care that much about steam achievements as they are like getting that "Participation Trophy" for sports.  If I get them great but I do not look for them nor do I really care that much.  I do have few but again, not my bag.I look at a game as did I have fun playing it?  Was it worth the money I spent on it to play Vs my time spent in game?  If both are answered in the yes, then I will recommend it, if one is not then I may still recommend it or not depending on how bad or game breaking it was.  I did not encounter any bugs of note, and I have an older machine with a decent card and ram.  (Hoping Santa will bring me a new gaming rig)So, final verdict is a solid yes and I plan on replaying it on the hardest level.  If I encounter something during that run I will update my review and note any changes.
Im native so i got this game for free and i still get 40 fps on the low res
I don't care what other people say, I LOVE THE GAME!!! Here's why:Good GraphicsYes sometimes if your FOV (field of vision) is too high, in campaign, your had will spin around. Just the hand.But anyways, if you LOVE COD, this is the game for you. Just wish sometimes people would go easy on you (im only level 4).Good StoryYes the story is crappy (in YOUR OWN OPINION!!!!)But I think it's pretty good, though I wish you could control the RC8s'.Just the game is VERY GOOD and there is soooo many reasons why I like this. I can't explain them all in just one review. I didn't get it from steam, I got it from Fry's (in San Diego). I got it for $21.76. To hell with all the bad reviews!!!!!!!!!!
Amazing...
I only bought this game for zombies so with that said my opinion is just for that, Yes I would buy this game because I am a gamer, I have 373 hours of play and thats 100 percent zombie play only. Oddly I really do not like this companies version of zombies, feels more like I am playing a scooby Doo game and not a scarry game. I do not regret buying it, I still am adding hours of play every day.  BO3 is much better but there is only so much you can play any game before you feel like you want something new. The workshop in BO3 helped that a lot.   Even with that said, I say yes if you are a gamer you should buy this game but be aware the multi play seems to have a lot of problems and many seem to have crashes and frame rate drops. I never had any crashes playing zombies and thats solo and with others, I never had frame rate drops until attack of the radioactive thing came out and even with changing my settings from high on everything to low on everything, it still gets choppy on higher rounds when I have a large number of zombies in the frame (radio active thing map only)   AMD FX-9590 8 core 5 ghz - 32gb ram - GTX-970 4 gig - H100i GTX Liquid cooler - 750 Watt Power supply - Windows 10
I don't get the negative reviews.Haven't played any CoD except for MW trilogy and Adwanced Warfare and I loved them.This game:- looks nice (not the best looking game out there but looks good enough)- runs good (and I don't have a Titan or GTX1080) on 60FPS...yes you see it right....60FPS- Interesting and nice setting with this future stuff.....I love it- Action packed- SPACE.....f**g SPACE!!! :)- Space combat in a ship is very arcady, but hey, this is a FPS and not a space sim. And it's also not too much that way- Shooting parts where you float around in space is totally awesome.- Haven't tried Multiplayer.....but will also never try it.  No freaking way!- I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about zombie mode, but at least there is one for those who like these kind of stuff.This game has a lot of content.
Very fun game and the zombie mode is the best thing ever!
Me like, but me cannot afford :^( babi sad ver ver sad buhuEDIT: similar to games you've played.....Tribes Ascend AYYYYYYY DAFUQ
I happen to really like IW. I know alot of ppl can't stand it, including my own son who is a CoD freak. They have been patching up most everything that comes there way butthere a couple things I dont understand why its not in the menu. For 1, We should be able to text chat in the lobbies. How hard can that be to add? 2, Why cant U put a number on the lobbies to see how many ppl are playing at any given time? These are simple things that were never adressed. Also, Im at the point of Having every single gun, every prototype and only missing 1 or 2 Mark  2's. I have 75,000+ salvage points just sitting there and accumalating more every day. Well I hope they figure out something like trading them in for XP...lol..That would be nice. Anyways ala in all I don't regret buying the game and I would recomend it to anyone who likes shooters :)
campaign is pretty lit bro zombies would be a lot of fun if I had more people to play with multiplayer is very unforgiving to new players who don't pick up veteran player equipment
I don't care what anyone thinks, I LOVE this game, let the "not helpful" ratings rain upon meoh and also, MWR is pretty fun
I honestly think it is popular to hate this game for no reason. This is the first call of duty I have bought since Black Ops 2 and I enjoyed the story. Great game and worth the money.
zZz
Fantastic 9 hours long campaign, it's worth it if you enjoy singleplayer FPS. Don't listen to the entitled ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s dragging the score down because the game isn't exactly what they wanted. (I can't comment on the multiplayer as I never played it)
Although the multi-player maps give me dejavu. I like the futeristic weapon-tech on current frames.The main story isn't terrible...I recommend this if you like space theme games.
SCOTTFISHHHHH
This is the best game ever plz buy it. Excellent campaign , multiplayer.
I did wrote a review to this game relating unsolvable bugs. And I know quite well, that some people still have this problem.Some people might also give this game a bad review, because it's not a good Call of Duty game because of "that space ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ain't what we wanted" but I thought "Well, it's an AAA Game developer. It might be a bad CoD but not a bad game. MAYBE."And this maybe turned out to be the truth. You know, I played all of the CoD titles from Call of Duty 1 over Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare until now. After MW2 - which was approximately around the time, many veterans of this franchise left and played other games like World of Warcraft, Dungeons & Dragons, League of Legends, DotA 2 and the list goes on and on and on.Now what I wanna say is - not everything back then was better, after playing the campaign I seriously had tears in my eyes, seeing the credits made me thought first "Holy hell, please don't be like that asslong credits in Black Ops 3!" but you could also fast forward, then I saw this long evaluate "Thank you" at the end of the credits from Infinity Ward, which made me realize again that those peepz aren't just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who wanted to make money as much as possible (though through all that extra♥♥♥♥♥♥you can buy you might can think so) but actually care for story and gameplay.The story was amazing, you had side missions, main missions, a good mix between vehicles and infantry (jeez this felt like the first time in CoD where vehicles actually had some importance). Also it wasn't anything like I played before, I mean sure some mechanics from earlier titles are in it but I mean the basic concept of missions, actually leading people to battle in this unique CoD style was a totally new experience for me as a veteran of this franchise.Okay, lemme evaluate the Multiplayer for you, first off - it's like the jungle there, eat or get eaten.Or kill or get killed, I mean sure, the first 20-30 levels I got beaten, sliced up, shot, frozen, electrified, burnt, sometimes everything at once. Sometimes I could just spawn and go for 3 seconds around and get shot instantly but after all, this is part of getting good. Get beaten to beat if you know what I mean. You must of course learn and adapt but that'll come with time.Now I'm what? lvl 40? And I actually have fun playing the Multiplayer. Tho the Skill requirement isn't as high as in Battlefield or in ArmA (whereas in BF I can still use some tactics from CoD to 0wn) but it's the fun that matters, right? However, the new mission team system is genius. Love it. Like Zombies. Oh my gosh Zombies.They want loads of hugs. And where I actually like to hug my girlfriend (if I had one) she might aswell want to shoot me (If I had one). The new Zombie mode is like the previous♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥killion ones (for me at least. Never really cared much about zombie mode) except that now you have cards instead of gummyballs and one thing that is probably the most important thing on earth.Mancrush of probably 90% of the peepz out there. Yes, he's not only the DJ in the Zombiemode, he's a playable character and also can helpo you out as an NPC reinforcement player.So yes, definitely, might be not the kind of Call of Duty everybody has in mind
i like it
you should only buy this game if you want to be meme supreme from all the memes this game has spawned it has truly changed the way i think of gaming.Sch as now thats a supply drop or good day fleshy mammals.Trust me when I say you are not meme supreme if you don't own this game.
Dobra igrica
Not at all a bad game. However the pricing is totally bad. Avoid if you don't get any good discounts for this game. Otherwise its a good game. I enjoyed the single player. Its not as good as the MW series but its not bad either. The multiplayer is empty. Community has very less people. same can be said for the zombie mode too. But the zombie mode is fun if you have friends to play with.
I played this game on Free Weekend and i have to say i loved it. I know many people will say im crazy, well thats because i am Cod Crazy. Just give the game a chance and youll see that youll enjoy it too. Play it with friend and see how that goes.
its veeerryy niice
The game runs smooth , the movement is good for me , the singleplayer is with an amazing story , multiplayer is good i like all the modes i tried them all for the hrs i playerd for the free weekend. I wanted to buy it but didnt had the money :)
.
This game is great. It receives so much♥♥♥♥♥♥from people who don't even so the reviews aren't reliable. This game is really fun and has everything you want in the game. Unfortunately its trailer was a bust and people immediately rated it without playing.
Alright, so here's my thoughts on Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare's main campaign:I've played through most of the games of this IP. And I never really liked them much to be honest.Not gameplay-wise. Because of their totally idiotic enemy AI design mostly. To be quite fair, to create an enemy AI in these kinds of games are pretty hard to do, especially when you are supposed to storm the enemy, without making them too easy or too hard or just boring. Unfortunately, Infinite Ware is no different than the other CoD games in this regard. It's enemies work pretty much like the others. It's gameplay works pretty much just like the others. Like Modern Warfare or Black ops, take your pick.However, I noticed something really interesting once I completed the game I unlocked a new difficulty.This difficulty is how I think the game is really meant to be played.Instead of regular regenerative health, like all the other Call of Duty games you now have to manage your health and lifesupport.You get replacementparts for your suit and stimpacks along your route through the campaign.You will have to manage individual bodyparts, like if you take a shot to the leg, you won't be able to use ADS while moving. Nor sprinting. If you take a shot to the arm you won't be able to use ADS at all. (Aim Down Sight)It's called "Specialist"No health regeneration. Healing from Nano Shots only.Helmets take permanent damage and need to be replaced.Nano Shots and helmets take up equipment slots.Movement impacted by receiving leg shots.Aim down sights and equipment use affected by receiving arm shots.Enemies can shoot weapons out of your hands. Etc.The problem with this, is exactly the same as I  mentioned before: The enemy AI. They are far to good att hitting what they aim at, that is... probably you for the most part. They don't seem to care too much about your teammates, they mainly aim for you. And they will hit you. 99.9% of the time. If they made their aim a bit more... realistic, and guns a bit less accurate maybe... This game would have easily been game of the year material.Unfortunately, they didn't make any deviations to the Enemy AI or much how ballistics works. (Except that it will take about three or four shots to the head to kill an enemy... What's up with that really? I don't get it.^Of course, you can't take that ammount of damage or you will die. Unless you play regular. Where you can sustain an interesting ammount of damage and still keep going. A second or two in cover and you will be back to full health like usual.However, the campaign design in Infinite Warfare differs GREATLY from the other games in this IP.As Captin Reyes, you will have more or less full command of the warship Retribution.You can't fly it yourself of course, but you can choose some of it's missions!In other words there are main missions, and optional missions, and you can choose in wich order you want to execute them. Just like Black Ops, you can manage your equipment, from guns, mods and your "Skelter"Wich is you figter jet. Fully space capable with hyperspace abilities.There are special missions designed specifically for this fighter, so you will have the ability to take it out on raids, dogfights and everything and I totally LOVE this addition to the game. I find theese missions really enjoyable because they make this game a lot more than your regular Call of Duty military shooter.You're not a marine. You're not Army. Not Air Force. You are part of the Earth Navy.There is no "America" really anymore. It's just earth. Against, primarily Martian colonies that decided they need to take control of the Earth instead of just being used. (The Expanse? Anyone?)The Story writing in this game, is easily the best I've seen in any Call of Duty game!The campagin is easily the most enjoyable experience I've had in any one of them.Black Ops.. three? gave you the ability to manage your eqipment through your base of operations.Infinite Warfare leaves you in charge of the Retribution, a capital ship in the Earth Navy.So not that much have changed there.The weapons however, despite at first being very similar to the Black Ops experience, is overhauled and gives you a much more distinct feel for them. They feel individual and you will pretty fast learn wich ones you like more than the others.There's one in specific I really like, a submachine gun that doubles as a shotgun. Unlike the other CoD games, not all your weapons are ballistic anymore. As you will face combat in space and zero-g, some of the guns are energy-based.(However, I noted that ballistic weapons works just fine in space as well so this addition was a bit curious...)Energy weapons does not work better on bots either, but the guns power/damage output decides what kind of damage they do in general. They should have made that addition, energy based weapons should be better on bots, while ballistic weapons should be more efficient on people. I AM pretty glad they didn't addition energyshields to the mix though.The game would have felt more like Halo if they did, instead, without them, the game feels more like something else.Like it's something own.Gunplay in Infinte Warfare is pretty much the same as Black Ops 3 in general.Same thing about mods management and equipment slots.But they have somehow a lot more personality to them.I like what they did here. I really do.Pity about the AI, that drags the score down.And... yeah, bots... feels really lame.Especially since one of them is actually on your team and he is unnervingly human.Voice and emotions, the whole shabang. E3N or, Ethan. ^^I give the campaign a 8 of 10.It looks really good, it's writing is really, really good!But plays out more or less the same as the other call of duty games. Sure, they wanted to make a Call of Duty... They could have made something different if they wanted.(And I thing they secretly really did!) But Activision decides I guess....The game could easily have been amazing, had Infinity Ward gotten free reins with the IP.Something entirelly different. Not new, it reminds a lot about what Unreal 2 - The Awakening was trying to be.Infinite Warfare COULD have been that!Gung Ho captain with a capital ship going corsair.Or maintaining the law... It could have been another Mass Effect had they wanted it to.But better. As good as the game really is, I can't help but see a lot of wasted potential!If you expect a Call of Duty experience you won't be disappointed.More likely strangely suprised with what they have accomplished.So, 8 out of 10 for a Call of Duty singleplayer experience is not a bad score.I recommend playing it!As for the multiplayer.... I never liked CoD's MP mode much.Maps too small, guns too boring, gameplay too... I don't know.I didn't try Infinite Warfares multiplayer, nor the Zombie mode.But expect more of the same. Same weapons as the Black Ops 3 experience more or less.I STRONGY recommend a computer that runs the game at 100fps or more and a G-Sync of FreeSync monitor(Depending on your graphics card)It's a totally different experience than playing it i 60Hz V-Sync.(Those that have tried this, knows what I'm talking about)And put that xbox controller of yours aside, use the mouse.(I usually PREFER playing with a controller, but not with these games)
Well, I didn't have any high expections when this game was announced. The massive like/dislike ratio on the reveal trailer, the futuristic setting and all, but since I have all the games in the series will I buy every one that comes out, since it's one of my favorite series. My favorite part of the game is the campain. It is way better than you would expect, it have a really solid story, great characters you get a "bond" to, great setpieces, locations and alot of great missions and with a sad and emotional ending. Of the modern Call of Dutys (Black Ops II - Infinite Warfare) is this the greatest campain so farThe multiplayer looks and feels like a bad copy of Black Ops III, with countless features and weapon variants. The multiplayer have also been dying since the game came out.Zombies in Spaceland is something for itself again, i mean, David Hasseloff, Aliens, The Final Countdown and silly gameplay, it is something you have to experience.The only part of this game i would recomend however is the Campain, but it is not worth full AAA price, but pick it up on sale.
I played this game on PS4 and is a really great game.
very good
DFGFD
One of the best single player. Much better than WWII
like the game, the graphics are beautiful and especially in the campaign. the only big downside is that no matter how powerfull your rig is the are some wierd performance issues. other than that don't get why its getting so much hate, its a really good game and especially for a cheap price on like keyshops you can get the remasterd + infinite warfare for 30$
It's a good game.Multiplayer is solid and balanced.Very fast paced which made it harder to play black ops 3 again due to much slower ads and movement speed.I don't see much obvious cheaters online.Zombies has a feel very similiar to black ops 2 but being a little more easy.I myself never get technical problems with both infinite warfare and black ops 3 so maybe i'm lucky?I myself prefer Infinite Warfare over black ops 3.
An incredibly underrated game on Steam. The multiplayer is fun enough, even though it's pretty much dead. The campaign is decent, but definitely not on the levels on World at War, but the Zombies mode is insane. It is easily my favorite Zombies ever. Tons of fun. Worth a buy if your into zombies, but not if you're thinking of getting this for multiplayer.
Honestly this game gets alot of crap just for the fact that its a call of duty game and is futuristic. i feel like if it was the exact same game but a different title it would be rated differently. Saying that i will get to my review.Pros:Really long campaign and nice story lineGraphics are pretty decentplaying online there are alot of guns and grenades to play around withthe game is pretty fast pacecons:when joining games i always get errors and have to try like 4 timessome of the graphics settings are locked
It is very sad but this game became fully infected with hackers. There is practically no match without at least one of them. You can report them but nothing will happen. So, if you like fair play games, save you time and money and DO NOT BUY this game.
it is actullaly ok
Campaign: To all those people who think this game is bad. It really isn't. Still better than Ghosts. But most people have barely any hours on it and claim it is the worst game ever. Well it isn't. The campaign is probably one of the best I have played in all of Call of Duty so far. It makes you really care for the characters when they die because of how you are always with them and you grow around them by them helping you. This game has pretty sad ending to it when you hear their tapes to be played at death. And the missions in this game are really fun out in space because you can do all kinds of stuff with the movements and watch a lot of the neat stealth takedowns in this game.Multiplayer: The multiplayer isn't that bad when you start getting used to it. Don't go for the Dominion achievement it is bugged. But if you want to get better then just level up and you might have some fun mowing through some people. The only thing you will pay for is DLC everything else is optional but if you want to have some fun you might spend some money on it to get better varients. But I have not spent much more than $10 on cod points and I have gotten a lot for just that amount because of how you can earn keys in Zombies too. So you can kill everyone if you play zombies a lot and earn the varients from playing that.Zombies: Probably my favorite part about this game. When I heard them making zombies I didn't think they would be at all good. But when you realize it the storyline is much more in-depth than you may have though. As I mentioned before you do get keys in this mode. So if you don't want to spend money on this game for Zombie Crates you don't have to. Because of them adding bounties you can get 30 keys a single bounty which might be somewhat difficult. But other than that it is really fun to play all the maps that link in together with the Soul Key. Willard Wyler doesn't want you to get these so then your four main characters known as Sally, Pointerdexter, AJ and Andre. They pick up the Soul Key and go on to the next map. This is telling you that all the maps are connected. And all the mini easter eggs within this mode. Such as the film reel with Point of Contact on it. (Call of Duty: Ghosts first map) which tells you Willard Wyler directed this. And this really adds the detail to the game. And I love how after beating each easter egg you get to play as the Celeb in that map such as David Hasselhoff, Kevin Smith, Pam Grier and Elvira so far. Which makes doing the easter eggs so much more worth it.And this is why I really like Infinite Warfare I hope this helps you decide if you want to buy this. If you don't like it remember you can refund if you have under 3 hours and not bought later than 2 weeks so try it and see if you like it. You might enjoy this game!
INFINITE RUN, SON!!!!Single-player seems to be the better.  The MP is just more of the same -- shoot and scoot.
Great campaign, a BUTTLOAD of content, and a fun zombies mode with a lot of personality.  Also, I like the combat rigs a lot!Lobbies boot people a lot for connection reasons thoIgnore that preloading shaders comment, you really only have to do that once per update.
my game wont stop crashing on me... wish i could play...refund plz
I bough this game only for zombie mode nothing else but i wanted to give multiplayer a try and i wish i did not because it is suck.. I think they made this game for kids with low IQ, who only think about look and skins and jumping like a monkeys.
Really good game being victim of hate. All single and multiplayer content is great. Shame DLC  is so expensive and you can't buy in seperate packs. Also no DLC maps ever seem to come up during playlist.
Love the feel and time era.
♥♥♥♥ all the ♥♥♥♥ing neigh sayers. This is a good♥♥♥♥♥mother♥♥♥♥ing game. The multiplayer is fun and fast (if people are playing), but I came for the story. I thought they couldn't top Black Ops 3, but somehow Infinity Ward did. Relentless, raw, and epic in scale, from the minute you jump into the seat of your aircraft, you're lifted to a new world of warfare.
i like the game alot , some dont but i do
fun game ive ran into 2 cheaters as of this time overall good too bad that the pc comunnity is so small :c
good game its best
very good game but remasterd is better
Prior to playing this game I had NO experience with any First-Shooter Games or any Call of Duty Realted stuff. As a neutral and non-biased player I can say that I... 100% enjoyed what this game had to offer. The campaing was amazing, great story, relatable characters, and I felt immersed in the Infinite Warfare universe. I also enjoyed the Zombies, I played with a couple friends and we had a blast. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the multiplayer, I don't know if it was because I sucked at it and couldn't stay alive for 10 seconds or because of something else.
Loaded up the game, pretty cool load up screen then a message popped up that says: "Get scammed idiot".10/10 would be scammed again
awsome game
It is better than I thought it would be, but it isn't the best one.
gud
ive only played it for a short amount of time.the multiplayer side of things is ok after all of the updates, i actually enjoyed playing it.the story mode is almost unplayable, the lag is crazy, the fps dropps are stupid and im actually unable to get past the first 20 mins.my specs are:AMD 8350 4.3GHZ (overclocked and water cooled)GTX 1060 6GB (watercooled and overclocked)26GB DDR3 ram (overclocked)Im lucky if i can get above 12 FPS in some parts.after all is said and done im still going to recommend this game simply on the multiplayer experience.its fun and a good laugh!
UPDATE: Switched Antivirus and now the game works. My old Antivirus was crappy. It's really not that bad of a game for the campaign (I never really play multiplayer or zombies). Some people would say it's weird because it's COD in space, but I actually think that's pretty cool. The thing that Black Ops 1, Ghosts, and Infinite Warfare among some of the others all have in common is that they tried something a little different with the franchise in terms of setting and story. Anyway, the campaign is not as bad as people say in my opinion. The only thing I would say is get it on sale because it really shouldn't still be sixty dollars in my opinion.BELOW IS MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:Until they fix the issue with some Antivrus programs preventing one from getting past the initial loading screen for the Campaign, I am unable to play and cannot recommend this game. Even temporarily disabling my Antivirus doesn't work most of the time. Why should the singleplayer component of a game rely so heavily on internet anyway? I understand it has DRM, but for pity's sake...The one time I was able to get it to work I played part of the 1st mission and I was actually really into it. I have a feeling it is a better game than many people are saying, though I wouldn't know. I liked COD: Ghosts and the space parts in that.Anyway, I understand and appreciate that making video games these days is incredibly expensive, time consuming and requires a ton of hard work. But optimization is very important, even if it is post-launch. Until there is a patch fixing this, thumbs down, because I spent a fair amount of money for basically the first 10-15 minutes of the campaign, the one time I was able to play it.
Great game, never been much into multiplayer so I can't comment on that side but Single Player wise I loved it. Campaign was one of the Best so far and enjoyed everything from the locations and action of it to the characters. I only have about 8.6 on it which is about the time it took me to finish the Story. I do hope that people will give it a solid play both Single and Multiplayer.
The game itself is pretty compact. The game's comunity is like this:50%german,30%frenches,20%other nationalities.The game is very glitchy. MULTIPLAYERThe game is not very bad but its not ok either.To be honest around 50% maybe 60% are kids.Another anyoing fact about multiplayer are campers.They are a lot of them especially when you play on Terminal,Frontier,Dominion and the list goes on.Your playing experience will be like this 80% Team Deathmatch,15% Domination,5% Free for all.Nonthelesss you will also findo a huge amount of hackers and cheatersThe Multiplayer just doesnt worth it in my opinion.SINGLEPLAYERSingleplayer is one of the games good parts.It is better than Multiplayer in many ways.SPOILER ALERTAt the end of Campaing everyone dies except for Salter.Still better than multiplayer.ZOMBIESThe storyline for zombies is a decent one, not very good.The details of map (secret little easter egg) are really good.The story could been a bit better made.Maps are ok .You only get Spaceland for free.To play other maps you need to pay around 50 euros/dollars/pounds.Litterally disgusting.Rave in the Redwoods easter egg:Where to start...The last boss fight is almost impossible.I tried it 11 times and failed everytime.-_-The rituals are very hard without good equipment.Oh yeah,you know what best part about them is?If you dont do the ritual fast enouh you will lose your most expensive perk.(most of the times it will be Tuff Nuff(Juggernog))  OVERALLThe game is pretty ok if you got it at discount.If you want to buy it i dont rrecomment it because it cost 50$/euros/pound and Seson pass50$/euros/pounds.SO if you want the full experience you will pay 100 bucks.AND 100 ISNT FEW MONEY.If u got for dicount play zombies and campaingIf you didnt i dont recommend it
Have played 4 hours so far. Great mix of first-person combat with space flight and zero-grav combat. I have not had the load problems others have had. Nor have i played Multi. For me, the Single player game has been great fun! I have most of the COD games and this one seems to be a wonderful addition.The rendering is gorgeous!  The 3D world is amazing!Folks, my opinion might not matter much, being an old guy in his 60s, but, i can't figure out what all the complaining is about.At least, for Single player anyway.All the Best - Have fun!
First of all, I only played the campaign.  I don't do multiplayer shooters anymore, I just don't have the spare cycles to suffer cheaters, delinquents, and map memorizers anymore.SummaryThe campaign was OK.  The game is plagued by too many "howevers" as you will see below.  If you're like me and only want the story campaign, then it's worth a go if $20 or less.  I got it on sale for $29, which I felt was slightly high for what I played.  My hours are off because I accidentally left it running all night one night.What I liked:I liked the fact that I could choose side missions from a mission map what I wanted to do, however, you are able to do almost all the side missions before doing the first campaign mission after becoming captain of your Space Carrier.  This almost completely caused a continuity disconnect with the story campaign.I liked the most wanted board and chose missions to hunt down these NPCs, however, the last 5 or 6 you never get to see the cards completed for reasons I can't get into for spolier reasons.I liked that the gear was 3D printed and you had to scan weapons you found to add them to your ship's database..however, it was obnoxious that the weapons you haven't scanned yet show up in the database and some of them you don't even encounter until you reach the point where you won't enter the armory again.I liked that there was customization of the weapon attachment and scopes, however, the limitations should be based on position of the attachment on the weapon, not the number of attachment slots in the UI.I liked that there was transition from FPS to Space Fighter and back again in the same mission, however, it was all scripted so there was always the "guard rail" feeling, though I think this is an issue present in the entire franchise.  You never really get to roam your entire ship though there is no reason in this engine that you couldn't aside from the developer's willingness to do so.  I know its not Star Citizen, but some freedom would be nice.Ethan was just great, no however here.What I just couldn't stand:The target locking pursuit thingy...nothing like it running you into enemy capital ships or asteroids all the time.Missiles...fairly pointless as the gun upgrades you get are pretty much all you need.The story gets a little too ham fisted with the "burden of command".The captain's computer is pretty much worthless.
Great Game
Not a huge fan of the COD series mp, I think the run and gun in a shoebox concept is absolute garbage and it's a shame so many mp games have moved in that direction, but I have taken the time to beat the sp capaigns of each series entry as sales pop up on steam. And while I don't think any of the recent entries have been particularly noteworthy; this game included, I am inclinded to leave a favorable review in light of the excessively negative press. And for the most part, the game is actually decently done. Still a dated engine, but the level design isn't bad. There is definitely a sense of scale. Dialogue is well written for the most part. And the conversation flows and doesn't seem forced. Besides one awkward moment where people were laughing at one of Ethan's joke that wasn't particularly funny. Would I go out of my way to recommend Infinite Warfare to my friends? No, absolutely not. In some sense, the outrage is justified. The franchise is done to death. It needs fresh life. This game is certainly not worth full price. I can appreciate the scale of new games and the manpower required, but games are absolutely not worth $80. I still believe profit margins should be reduced. And it's absolutely outrageous that Activision thinks they can charge $50 for COD4 remastered and force you to buy Infinite Warfare to purchase it. Thankfully that was later rectified. But I hear they're charging more for DLC that was included free in the original title. Hopefully that was also addressed. I don't care if it's a remaster, you can't charge full price for a decade old game. Halo gave you 4 games for the price of 1 COD game. The remaster is worth $30 at most and I'm leaning more towards $20.My review will be mainly focused on the single player campaign of Infinite Warfare. As a fan of Ace Combat and HAWX, the arcade style space combat was a welcome addition. It certainly filled the void where Starwars Battlefront failed *cough* And with the exception of a few scripted events and level sequences, it was not a rail shooter. It was definitely satisfying to see the transition from ground to orbit to docking or forced entry on hostile ships, followed by descending into the bay and moving about the ship. Definitely gave a sense of scale. Especially with the ftl/slipspace travel. Watching the jump from the bridge. The hanger did seem a bit bare though. Given the amount of armor you later see. And knowing there's more than 2 gunships. But all the detail, did add to the immursion. Story delivery-wise, the campaign seemed to jump around too much, with the side missions giving too much freedom to play them in any order. One second you get this sense or urgency of an impending invasion, the next you can choose to protect a salvage run rather than defend your home planet.... That feels unnatural and runs the immersion. On earth, I defintiely got a 2142 vibe every time I saw a Titan.. err Destoryer in low orbit. Gameplay mechanics like avoiding the burning sun, or popping a door slowly or kicking it in were thoughtful. Turning robots on humans seems a bit repetitive. New material please. The boosters..... those need to go. I still keep my boots firmly planted on the ground despite the boosters. It will always feel forced and ridiculous performing wall runs. And boosts should be saved solely for landing high jumps with minimal impact. That's minor, and I can appreciate the vaulting system in place.On the other hand, some things did seriously irritate me... the entire concept of the SDF hating freedom and hating the people of earth seems a bit ridiculous. The quotes when you die especially.. It's not believeable. Most wars, however ridiculous, e.g. religion, are fought by people who fight and believe in something... people tend to be rational, even if misguided. The idea that a group would hate freedom is implausible.. The SDF are fighting for independence, they want FREEDOM. Quotes saying they hate freedom are a bit ridiculous. The delivery was off. And I really don't see someone so young being an admiral and leading such a large movement. Especially someone with such lack of emotional discipline. And on that subject, WHY THE F*** IS A LIEUTENANT NOW A COMMANDER. I understand 95% of the fleet was wiped out, but before then the lieutenant and admiral were in contact. An admitral wouldn't even acknowldege a lieutenant in the military. A kid straight out of academy or university would be granted the rank of lieutenant.. And why was a private first class leading the marines after the Sgt. died?! Am I missing something.. a PFC is the lowest rank of all. Anyone flying in the airforce/navy would likely be a major or a colonel. The choice of navy did seem more fitting than air force, given the concept of battleships. Back to the enemy forces, the entire SDF seemed void of personality. And there was a total lack of effort on the voice department. Unless I'm fighting the 501st again. The same voice over and over.. really destracted from the experience. AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WHAT THE F*** IS WRONG WITH THE CUTSCENES. Cutscenes were horrifically laggy... I have a 1080ti, 6700k, 16GB DDR4, 1TB SSD, etc. THis should not be happening in a released product, nevermind one that's been out on the market for over a year. You can't expect me to turn down cache or shadows with $6000 of the best hardware on the market. Back to characters, The UNSA characters are more memorable than the SDF, but I'll still forget them, just not Ethan <3 and as usual everyone dies and you feel horrible at the end. gg COD. At least the developers suceeded at delivering a powerful ending. It's an interesting story, but at this point I feel the entire franchise is stale, living off of bad multi-player. The campaigns are far too short. There isn't enough content for the price being asked. Don't buy this game unless you want a quick thrill and have cash to burn. Otherwise, go buy playerunknown's battleground, killing floor 2, payday 2. There's plenty of other franchies with more to offer. This is not a game where you're going to get $1/hr out of. More like $10/hr.
This was surprisingly great.Very fun campaign with lots of pretty set peices to shoot things in front of.That's all I ask from one of these campaigns.All those impossible to follow plotlines with interchagable army-men characters are thankfully absent from this entry.I wouldn't say the story was good, but it wasn't as actively annoying as most COD games which distract from the action.Multiplayer was pretty fun, default COD stuff.
It is very similar to the Black Ops 3But gameplay i so funy.You can climb the walls like in black ops 3.I like future first person shooters I am not in WW1 or WW2But I will try CoD WW2.I am fan of CoD but I am not really fan of Battlefield I have Battlefield 1 for ps4 but I hate WW1.I think Battlefield 4 is better but CoD is the best option.
Great for free weekends.. wasnt bored at all.. or maybe im justing running out of games to play lol, but i would never buy full price... maybe if it was $15
its no modern warfare but good never the less
I bought this game for the single player experience with mind and I wasn't disappointed. The visuals are stunning, the narrative tight, the voice acting great, the setting interesting, and all in all a wonderful single player campaign. If you're like me and you prefer a good storied single player campaign then this game is worth getting for that alone. I can't comment on the multiplayer because I don't like COD multiplayer.
Its not that bad of a game great graphics, great gameplay. But if you have the choice I would buy bo3 for multiplayer.
Campaign: 9.5/10Everything else: 5/10
i enjoyed the gungame in this. multiplayer was ok too
its actually not that bad its alot of fun, rather buy bo2 of course if you dont have it, but besides thats a great game
I dont understand where all of the negativity is coming from this is accually a decent FPS game. Given evreyone is flying around but youll get used to it quickly.
I found the game on pc very smooth to play! It felt just as good as the Consoles! I'd give it 5* to people who have a pc! Plus you can mess around with mods on it aswell!
Tbh InfiniteWarfare is better than BlackOpsIII and StoryMode is much more interesting
its agood geme
Most underestimated COD ever. Campaign is almost perfect.
Actually a pretty cool COD game. The only downside is the lack of players on PC
good game
This game is kinda cool tough it need an good pc to run it without lag.Mine has gtx 950 and i 7 6700K and its not internet's problam because i have allways more than 10 Mbps
This game is far better than I had expected. I was not a fan of Advanced Warfare when it was released a couple of years ago and my biggest complaint was all the jumping and jet-packing around. I figured Infinite Warfare would be the same, but to my surprise, it's much better. The controls seem to be improved and the all the jumping around doesn't seem all that annoying. It actually fits this game better than it did with Advanced Warfare in my opinion. I like the Quartermaster idea, too.  Overall, this game has me hooked and I can appreciate all the bonus content that you can earn throughout your battles.
The game singleplayer/campaign mode has a detailed storyline, I personally enjoyed it far more than Black Ops III's singleplayer. As for multiplayer, not as good as BO3, but still enjoyable. Lots of weapons to choose from depending on playstyle, but I find myself being killed one too many times by the combat rigs and such. Zombie mode is very fun, and I could play it for hours on end. Zombies in Spaceland is my favorite out of all of the Infinite Warfare Zombies maps. Black Ops III's Zombies was too storyline based, where IW's version just has 4 characters teleporting in time to different locations, (kinda) similar to BO3's zombie mode. Overall, I would not recommend this game to people who won't want to spend 59.99 on a game they may not even enjoy. If you have 60 bucks laying around, go for it, its a solid game although a lot of cheaters in multiplayer mode.
This game is awesome!
i love this game so much i love all the dlcs and  everything about it and i dont know what everyone is whyning about i love this
Played it on free weekend.. nice game i dont understand all the hate actually i had really fun playing all modes.
game was great and really fun i only played for like and hour and a half and got lots of score streaks very fun and rewarding gameplay
if you play it for free its sucks but it was fun
Not that bad
such a dank game with awsome nv4s and supply drops, by far the best cod yet!!!I just love activisions cashgrabs and p2w attitude to the game, the perfectly non toxic community and high skill level!!! the nv4 really shows how much skill it requires to be a salty 4 year old who spent 5000 pounds on supply drops to get an nv4 flatline. and the devs must have been so intelligent to call one of the guns the r3kt. dank game, #gooddayfleshymammals
Lord commander snow
I have to say, I haven't played Call of duty since Black ops 2 on the xbox. Back then it was all the rage to talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about COD being the same every year, and now it seems to be that talking smack about it changing is the new cool thing. After playing a couple games I definitly have to say its a good game, no matter what anyone says. I don't think I'd pay 80 bucks for it, especially when its just a digital download and doesnt cost really anything to sell it, but for 50 off its not bad.If you've seen that southpark episode of Xbox vs Playstation, you have to realize that its exactly the same with games. People putting down Call of Duty is exactly what other game companies want you to do, hell I make games so I'd want you to do the same. But I also believe in self respect, so I'm not gunna lie to myself and trash talk this game, cause its good, and here is why.If you used to be a console player its most likely you use a controller, well this games controls are so silky smooth unlike most other games, especially PC exclusives they either have no game pad support, or looking around or walking just feels horrible. Not to mention it has rumble pad support so when you are mowing people down it just feels f-ing great. I watched a GDC talk from the guy who did the networking for call of duty, cant remember if it was this one, but what I can tell you is the video talked about how much time they spent making the networking smooth, just like the controls. And after playing I can definitly confirm that the online is seamless with no delays between anything.Don't be a sheep.
<3
Played it during the free weekend, it wasn't as bad as people make it out to be. It seems like it will get boring after a while however.
This game gets too much negative feed, It is a great game, if it isn't broke don't fix it. People complaon that they are the same, well I can tell you they are not. I'm an avid zombies player myself and the new maps and additions to the game are mind blowing and legit scary. If youre a zombie player too hmu!
Quite the underrated gem, if I'm honest. Infinity Ward came through w/ building on their acclaimed series and delivered a super-polished, fast-as-♥♥♥♥-paced, Unreal-arcade-style shooter with pretty decent balanced options for loadouts.Can't wait to try the single player.
like it
good.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare looks like it could be a good game.However, unfortunately, the specs were too high for it to run properly for me.It would just keep on crashing.Time to buy a new computer, I guess.Anyway, what I saw of it looked good.So, I'm going to recommend it anyway.(Lol, this is probably the poorest review I've ever written - sorry about that.If and when I get this game, when I get a new PC, I'll write a better one.)[Downloaded this game on a free weekend, 30 July 2017]
Idk why people hate on this game so much bc its a well made game people just are picky little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
This is a great game people judging it because it has the title Call of Duty and it doesn't fell like a COD game.  It is a great game. It is different from its predecessors, but that does not change the fact that it is a great game.
Vale a pena :P
The game is massively underrated but I loved it. Actually the best online game I have played in yrs. One of the best singleplayer campaigns to. 10/10
let me start by saying that i didn't buy this game nor i ever will.if you played call of duty4/ world at war/ modren warfare 2/ black ops..then you probably got bored of them cause they don't really change much and i don't recommend this game for you..however if you didn't catch up on the past call of duty's back 2007-2011 let me tell you that this game is a lot of fun, the multiplayer is a great fast paced fps with great game modes and relies heavily on skill rather than team play..the zombies mode is great too both in solo and online ..over all call of duty is great game
I have to admite, i was kinda septical buying this game but got to admit its fun and engaging i have a gtx 970 and a i7 4770 and i can run on ultra with no problems.
I want more free weekend!
Do you like complete madness which you will play for 20 min everyday? Perfect game! Imagine any shooter game ever, except tiny maps, bouncy bullets and what feels like dual weilding ak-47! AWESOME! (for 20 min)
wtf is wrong with these guys terrorizing the score? this game is great.
nice game but not the best if there was a maybe button that would be the answer but for now yesPROS:SingleplayerMultiplayerWorks to nearly all bad devices from windows 7 64 bit to windows 10.1 64 bit (highest update of windows in my knowledge)Sale prizeCONS:Hackers at multiplayer wich means you must join servers that are not so many pros so you can make some killsGraphics (What i mean is : The graphics are smooth but this game runs on low graphics so i had to get a graphic mod so it could run smoothly on my supercomputer* :D)Prize without sales*P.S i don't own a supercomputer this was for fun perposes but still not good graphics*RATE:For the reasons above i rate this 6/10
nice game but not the best if there was a maybe button that would be the answer but for now yesPROS:SingleplayerMultiplayerWorks to nearly all bad devices from windows 7 64 bit to windows 10.1 64 bit (highest update of windows in my knowledge)Sale prizeCONS:Hackers at multiplayer wich means you must join servers that are not so many pros so you can make some killsGraphics (What i mean is : The graphics are smooth but this game runs on low graphics so i had to get a graphic mod so it could run smoothly on my supercomputer* :D)Prize without sales*P.S i don't own a supercomputer this was for fun perposes but still not good graphics*RATE:For the reasons above i rate this 6/10
F2P Weekend Holy... This game is awesome :D Now i just need a titan fall 2 F2P weekend and i'll choose one
If I bought IW on day way I would cry over my stupidy. Luckily I bought it for 8€.Single player campagin, mostly thanks to flying missions, with are great, is quite fun. Corridor shooter levels are boring and dumb, I ran through them ;)Played multiplayer for 10 minutes, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ not fun.For small money this is great game, for full price, go buy better game ;)
awesome
Preloading shaders took forever. Game is somewhat optimized for a mid range PC. I'd give it a 7/10.And another thing; I notice the game has some performance issues after upgrading my GPU. So be warned of this.
Never played cod before, so I decided to try out the free weekend to see how good or bad it is.REVIEW ON MULTIPLAYER:1.Did not crash, unlike many others have been experiencing,  even though I keep getting errors that some drivers or whatnot is not optimized...I can run the game perfectly though. 2.Amazing graphics. 3.Very fluid movements, but grenade toss is kinda wonky, as you have to keep on holding 'g' button; I'm used to change weapon to grenade and throw with left mouse click. 4.Reload time is soooo god damn long. Can't reload without dying most of the time. 5.Seems like you unlock guns and perks as you rank/lvl up. So, whenever I play with other higher level players, my gun does not dmg while their guns one or two shot me. 6.Pretty decent wait time on team deathmatch, but never got to play other modes because people simply don't play those..idk why 7. Haven't run into "hackers" yet.8. Spawn killing is possible... :p8/10
1tequila 2tequila 3tequila FLOOR!
The story is absolutely great, a lot of thought and love was put into it. I just fininshed my second playthrough.All other aspects of the game, however, are bad - I would stay away from multiplayer entirely.
♥♥♥♥ the hater The story mode is really good one
This is hands down my favorite Call of Duty campaign ever.
downloaded it for free weekend, and it crashes when loading map in the multiplayer matchmaking screen. I wish i could play it tho...Specs for my PC below ^_^Prossessor: AMD FX 8325 8-core 3.5GHz, 16.0 MB CacheMotherboard: ASRock Fatality Killer 990FXGraphics Card: Zotac GeForce GTX 960 2gbRam: Kingston Fury HyperX Ram 8gb
it's good
This game would have a very enjoyable multiplayer, if other people actually played it. The story for this game was better than a lot of the other call of Duty games in my opinion as well. I am not a big fan of Call of Duty games anymore, not really since Black Ops 2 for the zombies, but this game wasnt bad, it is just lacking a player base.
*** Review for SINGLE PLAYER game ***I liked this game!  The story, characters, and gameplay.  Loved "Ethan" (E3N) especially.It held appeal because of the game's incorporation of "values".  For instance, the marines(?) commander's viewpoint toward Ethan changing over time.  The hatred for the people of Earth on the part of the Martian humans, and their collective, communal drive toward expansion and dominance via war ... it being their societal ethic.  Made me happy to bring 'em crashing to ground!  :DThe "Klingon in me" was glad to see sacrifical deaths of heroes.  Nothing new in that with CoD instalments, heroes going down in battle.  But   These sorts of things, for me, make satisfying endings to stories.I found it both an interesting and a good addition to the CoD franchise to have the side missions to different parts of the solar system.  Missions to assault fleets or facilities using space fighter-craft or as ground assaults.  They added more content to the single-player experience.  I played them all through the first time.  However, they are optional ... at least in subsequent plays through.  I don't know if the "chance of mission success" figure for each side-mission had any bearing upon the difficulty of the main game's ending.  When I had my second play-through, I don't think I did any side missions.The game controls seemed typical and thus natural and easy.  The character motion/animation was (imo) good.  Two-stage negotiation of obstacles such as walls with NPCs is probably fairly standard, I guess, being a bit of a cut-scene thing.  ** There's a game called "Warface", a free-to-play multiplayer FPS that uses two players to perform such two-stage manoevers!  First to boost one up, the second to pull the booster up.  Kudos to the Warface devs!  :D **There was a satisfying variety of environments.  Most notable for me was probably the darkness caused by dust/smoke during one stage of the attack on Earth.Heaps of weaps to pick up.  Customise your loadout for each mission if you want.*** The bad ... ***There was crashing ... and it wasn't just a few times.  I think it was mainly an issue with my PC setup though.  *Very* unimpressed with my GFX card.  It's been crashing for everything.  Most play was during the summer (southern hemisphere), so cooling issues really came into play.  Aimed some fans into my open PC case.  That *largely* resolved the issues.  I used a Gigabyte R390.  It was capable of displaying full HD but seemed unstable.  However, I had removed the OC Guru s/w and I think the result was that the fans weren't operating optimally because the OS didn't know the metrics.  My mistake.*** Summation ***I liked it.  Only played it through twice though.  This is typical for me on SP FPS's because, unlike action-RPGs (FPRPGs/RPS), they don't have the same depth of character customisation that encourages "a different approach".
Well I decide to play this game on a "free to play weekend" and well let's just say I played 37 minutes before my computer grew legs and walked away. I haven't seen it since....:(.  if you have any idea where it is please call the following number; 1 800-273-8255. I thank you all for your time. -Stteb :((((((((((( P.S. game wuz meh 12/10 wouldn't buy.
i dont why this game gets hate just watch merkmusics video on youtube its not that bad but i definitley think its the worst one in my opinion for multiple reasons that doesnt mean that its not really fun
This game is great!!! Iove it so much I have it on both Xbox and PC!
DON'T PAY 60 € for This buy it on sale 80%
Honestly its better than I expected. Movement feels smooth. I personally never had a problem with jet packs or aerial gun fights in COD or any other franchise, so Im a fan of what theyve done here. Guns kill a bit too quickly though. Sometimes I feel like I should put some more bullets into enemies to kill them. Im not interested in zombies or single player campaign, so I wont comment on that. Never had much connectivity issues, other then lag here and there (but nothing game breaking). I found one hacker though, hopefully its not something reoccurring. Overall, pretty good game. Its a shame I didnt get it before.
Its ok. Dont buy at full price though. wait for sale. If there is a free weekend event try it. I did not expect to like it, but I do. I rate multiplayer 6/10.Campaign, on other hand, is absoutly incredible. 10/10 for campaign. Music is amazing, Story is very deep and connects you with characters.Like I said, buy it on sale or on another site. Definatly not worth $60.Not a good game by any means, but not a bad game either.
Can't get past the main menu or make the game full screen without it crashing 10/10 Innovative GamePlay
very fun shooter with great graphics and controls i sure did miss me some call of duty just cant compare to it!
WAY BETTER ON PC THEN XBOX
WAY BETTER ON PC THEN XBOX
well i didnt see the campaign during the free weekend. But the multiplayer is not the worst offering of COD. Lots of cheating though as evidenced by replays showing some very questionable action of some players. But whatever, what online game doesnt have cheaters?   Still better than cod: ghosts.  Not a fan of the futuristic stuff but it wasnt a completely crap game. It isnt fair to compare it to the other cod games because..well thats just not fair. In the end, its just another cod but more colorful and ugly guns, recycled maps, same old same old cod. I would not buy it, but for a modern cod game that isnt 60 bux..Id say have at it.
Good
2nd free to play weekend i joined into this game... So I can only talk about the MP. The gunfights are easy and smooth in my opinion and the maps are okay. I played about 2~3 rounds when the first hacker appeared and seriously I met in about 1000 hours of BO3 not even one dude who I could call a hacker for sure but this dude made 45/45 headshots and was unkillable.. SO far, so bad BUT for free weekend u could pick up the game if u are bored of BO3. BTW on my system the game runs way smoother then BO3 does. Not worth a BUY but a TRY xD
Ignore my hours played, I played this game a lot on other platforms The campaign is excellent; probably one of the best fps campaigns in quite a while though because of the nature of it being Call of Duty and Infinity Ward, they aren't allowed to try new things as much as they could and as a result, there is a lot of unused potential that could have made this game even better.The Multiplayer is dead, unforunately; If IW actually intergrated the multiplayer with the space combat, it would be pretty good.Also, as for the negative reviews, just realize that hating call of duty is what is hip now in the gaming world, I think the campaign is pretty good but unforunately, its been overshadowed by the hate its beeing recieving
Good games
Very underrated game. Very good gaem :))))
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
Some may disagree, but I like this more than Black ops 3.  For some reason, on whatever system I have at the time, infinity ward games are better optimized and I find the gunplay in the multiplayer to be more satisfying. It may just be me, but I play better in Infinity ward games as opposed to Treyarch. For me the matchmaking seems fairer despite a smaller player base. So in conclusion, I am enjoying this game and I am glad I gave it a chance in spite of the user reviews. I hope more people give the game a chance.
I would that Infinite warfare is an okay game while it does have it's problems I still enjoy the sapce setting and futuristic setting this is coming from the guy who love the modern warfare series and I would say its not as bad as black ops 3 most the weapon variants dont require the slot machine system now you can get crap out of your supply drop and get salvage to work towards the weapons you want so you don't end up wasting all of your money. The gameplay is satisfying for me at least moving fast through the map killing your enemies. The zombies for infinite warfare is also okay I'd they've done a good job creating these maps zombies introduces fate of fortune cards which are much better than gobblegums machines. The maps are huge and if new to them might take a week to get used to, but when you know how play the maps you'll have a fun time playing people's all time COD favorite gamemode zombies.
---Multiplayer/Zombies Only Review---Pretty fun game, Very enjoyable gamefeel, feels a bit like the old school MW2 but with a totally new look. Its pretty great. The only thing that i hate is the wallrunning and jetpack boosting. Thats kinda annoying in my opinion, but for as far the rest goes. The game is pretty damn fun to play, eventhough i suck at Multiplayer.. but hey, thats just COD for ya!Zombies is extreamly fun too! And the zombie loot crates are also intressting and make you keep playing for more loot.So yeah, to be straight with you, i would deffenetly recommend this game to my friends if they were feeling up to playing the latest COD varient. Just thought i'd put out this positive review to break this dumb hype trend to post bad reviews on this game. Get real please. The game aint even half that bad. And for me, the game runs extremely smooth(Cause yeah.. i actually looked at the minimum specs for this game unlike most of the salty wannabe ''cuul'' little kiddies).Oh well, hope i dont get to much salty kid rage onto me cause of this positive review. I see how some of you can get. :"D
i think so far it is really good  will see tho!!!!
great game and very good campaign. I would rate it 10/10.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is not a bad game, say what you want about it. Yes, the PC port of the game isn't that great, when the round starts you'll have some lag, but the game feels different compared to it's futuristic predecessors. It might be    because of the fact that the Supply Drops are different (If you get a Weapon Variant you'll get the weapon itself). Other than that, I really enjoyed playing this game even though it is a futuristic Call of Duty.
I thought that this games was going to be trash but when i pressed multiplayer it worked and i could get in a match with no hackers
This game is set many decades before the main events of Halo, actually being set during the Insurrection Era where the UNSC executed Operation TREBUCHET to destroy the Insurrection threat once and for all. I loved how well 343 Industries managed to execute a game where you play as a marine captain with his squad to take on suicide missions to end the Insurrection threat.Of course, there aren't any Covenant or Spartans in this game since this is set before that time but ODSTs and Marines are as epic in this amazing new take on the Halo franchise.
Nice game
WELL I SHOULDNT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO PLAY THIS ON MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ LAPTOPIt's sad..
I have this game for the PS$ I woould recomend it to EVERYONE weather (Wrong spelling ik) your playing single player or multiplayer. Both are very fun and I feel is better then modern warfare (original)
Crashes after 10 seconds after opening it!10/10 Would play again!
I like this gameDifferent from the others and requires a new style of playing.Dont buy if you like the older ones as this is a different playing field.Only thing i dont like is the matches not starting sometimes in multiplayer.Im yet to play campaign or the Zombies but will update once i do.Right i have played some of the campaign it is pretty awesome.Great cast Celeb'sDeep storyline that is well writtenGet to understand and learn the weapons and skills in IWZombie mode is epic altho i feel there should be more maps like in Bops IILove the weapons and funny cast of characters It would be amazing if you could create a character as in how they look dress and sound ^_^.I think the red reviews are way too much as this is a great futuristic war game.
I thought the game was great. For those who don't think so, I challenge you to make something better. If you can't, then shut the hell up.
turning off anti aliasing somehow makes the game run worse
its fun. ide buy it if it was cheaper
Game crashes all the time, can't play. Thanks but no thanks
All u idiots giving this a bad review because your sheep that follow what the rest of the internet says and the others who complain about crashing more than likley its your garbage pc or you have not updated your drivers Morons.This game is good hard to get a match beacuse of people being garbage at the game and crying about it than giving bad reviews. the zmbies is amazing its no black ops but still amazing the story is amazing not the best so far but its good maybe give it the review it deserves would love to see you idiots make a better game.
This game doesnt deserve the hate it gets. It works fine, it looks fine, it plays fine, there are no problems aside from the rare cheater, invisible walls where you cant boost onto, and thats about it, i have no complaints about this well crafted, good looking, good playing game, its another solid, wonderfull title in the CoD franchise, fantastic campaign, fun multiplayer, enjoyable gameplay, awesome customization and leveling up options, customize and choose characters, choose your playstyle, unlock and customize guns both performance and visual wise, choose your team, craft guns, choose perks, earn a ton of customizations, fun Zombie Mode, great music, great characters, great action scenes, great sound design, lovely soldier/RIG designs, same for guns and trowables, i mean, people as far as i know, hate this game for no reason based on my expierience. Id completly recommend this game to any FPS casual player or veteran enthusiast. Its a good game, granted, nothing beats the originals, but this kind of gameplay doesnt go that far off, its fun, realy.
despite all the hate this game gets, i didn't think i'd like it, boy i was wrong. i rather enjoy this game but its not perfect, but its worth a try. 10/10 would cry about it being a call of duty game that is in the future
I was quite surprised how good this game is during the free weekend.So that's it, I loved it :D
Direct X issues? Turn off your AACrashing before game? Set programs (like avast) to disable shield for 10 minutes.. then start the gameGame: 6.5/10
This game is not that bad as people saying, they are all copycats, this game is one step diferent from the casual shooting games, is amazing, the graphics are good, and to tell you the truth, the loading are pretty short and my pc is not that amazing, so if people dont know how to take care of their pc's its their fault
GAME OF THE YEAR!!!!!!!
noice
Okay so first off, the cod community are full of idiots. after ghosts the community complained that the cod games are always the same, so infinity ward worked on this game for 3 years and when the reveal trailer came out, so much hate because its in space while theyre sitting on their asses playing destiny. now with call of duty world war 2 was revealed(something the community also wanted) theye start saying cod is just copying battlefield, you dumbasses cant be pleased. anyways i found nothing wrong with this game, season pass offers alot, maps are good, guns and payloads are much more balanced than black ops 3, i cant take zombies seriously though. the campaign is pretty good except for the last mission. id probably give this game a 7.3/10The bad parts that subtracts the 2.7, the jackal missions feel the same, i wish theyd put jackals into multiplayer, zombies isnt that great, variants are farily difficult to obtain, and the campaing is divided up oddly. all in all its not that bad of a game. its just that people are idiots
More fun than the last 3 CoDs but its still a joke xD but thats doesnt mean jokes cant make you have a good time
not such a  bad game .this gameis  only for skilled cod players,not for bobs. 8/10
10 outta 10, would beta test again. When is the full release? Also will the game be avalible in the full release?
Not bad at all, could have a better ui. It is not as bad it is said to be. Atleast try it.
OMFG, You don't have to obtain the new weapons with only supply drops? You can do challenges or have the season pass? These DLC weapons should have been given to Season Pass holders before! Too bad it was a bad launch :(
Poorly Optimised. Its still kinda fun tho... The soundtrack is amazing!I love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfareI love infinite warfare
yez pls
Not sure why this game is getting such a bad wrap. It plays decently well to me. enough players in TDM. Not sure if I will buy but its not as bad as people are saying. I am actually having fun playing for free.
It's alright, but that's a lot coming from me cause i have terribly high expectations when it comes to shooters.I can't play any of the battlefields without puking. This CoD is good, but didn't appeal to me very much. Guess i still preffer BO Zombies, and ArmA when it comes to full scale shooters.
Honestly I don't see why this game gets such bad ratings, obviously this is my opinion but I find the game fun and I found that optimization to be pretty decent. Although some seem to not like it. I did find the space setting to be annoying and over the top but the game plays just like the other recent games. I wouldn't reccomend paying full price, definitely wait for a significant sale to purchase this.
Very good game
Honestly not that bad of a game. Most of the maps areâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥however. Matchmaking seems to go quickly.(mosly) Would not pay full price tho. Probaly worth 10-15 the most
now,thats a supply drop
Actualy Enjoyed It...
this games dumb
best ♥♥♥♥ing game  the hater, hate it only bocause it in the futer is -.-  250 hours of fun <3
I only play the campaign mode, and it is very good like most CoD games
this game keeps crashing everytime i try to load a match
no sound
to be honest guys i like the game i know wating in lobby to find a game is hard, but its our foult for low player count, also yah the pre loading shaders is a pain but i can handle it cuz the rest of the game is fine it hasnt ever crashed for me or had lag drops
GOOD GAME
I don't know why people dislike this game... i didn't had any problem with it,didn't had any crash and it works pretty smooth most of the time.Maybe the multiplayer is not as good as in Black Ops 3 .but the Zombies and the Campaign are one of the best from any CoD
FUn
Hey look first good review :P
Considering all the dislikes on youtube, and stories everyone told me about it being so bad,  i think its actually a really fun game.  I dont know how long until i get bored but i think its a banger of a game
This game is outstanding, and doesn't deserve the vast majority of the negative reviews it's received.  People are either too impatient to wait for 3 minutes of initialization on first launch or otherwise don't make complaints and negatively review because they think the game is unpopular.
Honestly im not a huge fan of call of duty my most played multiplayer call of duty game was advanced warfare on the xbox one i saw that infinite warfare was free for the weekend so i decided to give it a tryi actually enjoyed my short time in this game it feels pretty smooth and a lot harder than previous titles(IMO) i think if iw wants players i think they should make all dlc free on pc or make the multiplayer a standalone free to play game were you pay for premium membership for the dlc for around £20 i really hope this game gets more attention especially if its freei think its worth the time to download, it has a fresh combat style and and interesting ammount of customisation for weapons.thanks for reading and have fun
I loved it as a game (Multiplayer only), but as a cod it is a disappointment.
I dont think that this game is good BUT it isnt bad i would rate it 6.9/10 for me it is very fast paced in the multiplayer game. In conclusion this game is very experienced Cod players.I would recommend this game to people who haved played Cod before and are experienced
Im homeless,pls give me gud pc
I wasn't expecting this amazing campaign !! About multiplayer i can't say much, except is the same as the past game series neither good or bad,  just plain....
I don't know why people think is game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean it's pretty good but there are some things that aren'tShotguns are overpoweredEveryone's uses the Shotgun and It sucksIn the hour I have played I found a hacker, in 2 matches, the same hacker. c'mon ActivisionThe optimization is pretty good, I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ processor and my gpu is only 2gb and it runs solid 60fps low settingsI like this game it's pretty good 7/10
Currently I only own the free weekend version, but so far, its really fun. I can only currently play multiplayer, which apparently is horrible compared to the story and zombies, so I plan on buying the game to have to have the maximum amount of fun in game.
good if you have a good pc
Actually not a bad game, tried it for the free weekend, just lots of hackers... beware, you have been warned...
*MULTIPLAYER REVIEW ONLY*                    I dont think this game deserves all the hate it is getting, with a good system I am getting high framerates with minimal stuttering that doesnt make the game any less enjoyable, for 30 bucks on sale or to play during a free weekend its actually a pretty fun game, in short bursts its a nice casual fps game to play, microtransactions are pretty bad but you can avoid those and it wont impact your enjoyment too to much. All in all, the game is definetly not worth the full price, but pick it up if you can find it on sale.
Summed up: There is nothing wrong with this game and half of the criticism isn't well grounded or just nonsense. That alone though, is not reason enough to buy it unless you are a fan of the franchise or already lack all other major FPS games. This is subjective, but compared to how Titanfall 2 _feels_ and how TF2 _flows_, the looks, the maps, pretty much everything, makes this game just about average compared to i.e. Titanfall 2. It doesn't feel like a triple A production, despite it being so. Maps in this game also feel super tight and graphics stale even on ultra with 100 FPS averages, but that's just my aesthetical taste and map preference. If you want the best sci-fi themed FPS you can't go wrong with Titanfall over this. If you want a military shooter then this is probably not for you.I thumb this up just to counter all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reviews it's getting, despite people being disappointed in yet another CoD repackaging, it's just not proportional to this being a game that is THAT bad. It simply isn't. It's just not nearly as good as Titanfall / Battlefield. No even close.
its good, people are just haters.
I installed the game for the free weekend.I go into the menu, try to change my settings, it crashes. I try again.It crashes.I try to get into a match.It crashes. I try playing with bots.It crashes.I try playing FFA.Can't find enough people.Then it crashes.>Gotta love Activision.
Fantastic game best cod for me .
this gaem many suk dik
good
Who the hell does not like this game, I'm prestige 4, level 55. It's just people who never played it who review this. All the guns are evenly balanced. I mean it's completly fair if someone jumps and just keeps doing that, it isn't annoying.People just need to learn to play the game.
i had my pvp fun GIVE ME CAMPAIN BETH
played for 3 hours ... i was called cheater
Honestly i do believe its better than cod bo3 because of dlc weapon unlock system. the storyline is much more fun and understandable and not about some fokin baby m8. look its not worth 60 for just this game wait for a sale and buy it if you REALLY liked bo3. you can just get mwr separately now so ye
the game is alright, even the multiplayer. I didn't encounter any cheaters yet, only salty kids who accuse people of being cheaters because they suck
Not bad as everybody is complaining about. If you want it now its your chance go get it its 50% off. Have fun with the game. :)
i dont get the hate try it for an hour before you♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the game i did♥♥♥♥♥♥over it myself until i tried it its pretty fun i my opinion and a lot easier to get into then black ops 3 or advanced warfare (i cant actually recommend you to buy this or not beacuse my play time was only when it was free to play )
its gucci
Great game, works fine, dont bother with the negative reviews, people just hate to hate..
Runs great at QHD with i5 and GTX 1060, solid 60fps with max settings.+Good looking graphics+Good enough, enjoyable campaing+Space combat in shipsDid not play the multiplayer
if you liked black ops 3, you will probebly like this one as well. its not that bad, its just not what call of duty used to be.
I have seen a lot of people say there isn't anti cheat however that is not correct, infinite warfare has Valve Anti-Cheat! It even says so on the store page.I think this game did exo movement the best out of the futuristic Call Of Duty games.I have seen people write that they spend 4-5 minutes finding normal tdm matches. However as matter of fact I jumped on infinite warfare today and searched for tdm several times and each time I found a match instantly!I would give the campaign 7/10, the multiplayer 8/10 and zombies 6/10. There are few DLC weapons about 1/6 the amount that is in BO3! I haven't spent any money on supply drops and I have gotten two of the only dlc guns in the game, in fact I have gotten the same DLC shotgun three times. This COD has the best supply drop system in my opinion!It took me around 20 seconds to find a  lobby in zombies, so there is not a lot of people playing zombies.There is two things that bother me.1. Fps cant go higher than 91.2. You cannnot buy the zombie maps separately on pc you have to buy the season pass.I DON'T THINK THIS GAME IS WORTH BUYING ANYMORE! However I really did enjoy every second of it.
I am actually surprised how well the singleplayer performed. It was short but from start to finish a blast. Story is a bit cliche but it is good action with a lot of interessting weapons and locations.
this game is sick
Super fun!
VERY UNDERRATED!!!! This game has been under constant fire from the gaming community for the past year! But most people who hate on it so much havent even played it. A few people said hey this game looks like literal ♥♥♥♥ing autism and then every other childish niqqer said "i NeEd To Be CoOl So I cAn HaVe FrIeNdS" and started with these ♥♥♥♥♥. the game is very entertaining and other than obviously BO2 one of my favorite call of duty games of all time. MWR is♥♥♥♥♥btw.
uhfkefueknfdu
Very good game for jumping to the moon and back
Pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing flying and jumping.Without it's campaign it could be a free 2 play title! The best thing about this game is it's deinstall button. ~Old Review~After i reinstalled the game i have to say it's quit fun. You have to get into it and it's not easy to master. A new player gets quickly turned down from the game because of the enemys who have more experience and hit like Mofo's. Most of them are really good players and they now every spot and trick about this game. You have to become good, otherwise you'll not enjoy the game as much (like in every other game, but iw is another story) Flying and jumping is very hard to master and sometimes very confusing. But never the less it has good performance and graphics. I like the maps alot, but it could be more balanced. ~new Review~
Amazing game, not many players sadly. Do not hesitate to purchase. Campaign is very fun, zombies is amazing with a lot of content, and multiplayer is very good.
Its ok if you are a rage type person like me not reamended
Call of Duty: Infinite Preloading ShadersIt's good tho, I'm having a blast so far.Only real problem is cheaters atm but that's equally true for any game.
Decent if you can look past the bad reveiws
Pretty good COD game. Dont let all the negative reviews fool you.  The best thing about cod is its responsivness. No floaty feel like Battlefield games or even CS GO. There is a big backlash at COD because of the matchmaking service. It does suck unless you have an open nat. BO3 and AW are better games but this is a solid shooter for sure. I love futuristic games since I started off playing UT99 and Quake2/3 so its right down my alley. Wall running and dodgeing is fun but not everyone likes that or can adapt to it. If you dont like futuristic games and gameplay then this game is not for you. Add to that the small player base on PC and it can be hard to find games in all gametypes you like especially HC. Wait for COD:WW2 to come out this fall if you are more of a boots on the ground type of player. IMHO its not the best COD game but it is a solid title. I would reccomend it.
This game supprised me i never expected it to be this good just buy dont lisen to the haters
I don't understand the bad reveiws for IW. It was one of the better CoD as of late. Storyline was great, tho a tad short in my opinion. The space compat with the Jackles were fun as hell. As well as the boarding the Destroyers. I just wish there had been more of those kind of missions. E3N was enjoyable in missions. He reminds me of HK-55 from SWTOR, just no "meatbags". 10/10 Would listen in E3N's sarcasm over the whinney ppl who hate on this game.
it's funthe guns feel good, better than bo3the game feels smoothgets way too much hate then it shouldpick it up, it's pretty fun
It's Call of Duty In Space!  Nothing more, nothing less.The campaign looks like an ordinary CRPG nowadays, let's say Mass Effect. The only difference is - you don't have the dialogue wheel, but still there's gear customization, few things you can interact with on your star-but-not-star-destroyer, perks, and you can choose which and when to start side or main missions. Somehow this makes CoD: IW more of an RPG game than a lot of CRPGs. If you like those things set in the future, go for it.Multiplayer is CoD meets Titanfall - double-jumping-wall-running-fast-paced-shooting-things. It's not the best combo, but it works. There's a lot of things to unlock and work towards to, if someone likes to be regularly rewarded and grind those levels - here you go. The profile and character customization are an overkill, those shiny and badges with gifs, crazy colored weapons just look like the beginning of the internet. Just close your eyes, hear the modem sound and go for an adventure in the 90's...Is it worth buying? If you'll get your hands on it for 10$ or less - it's worth the price.
Call of Duty®: Infinite WarfareTop 3 campaign ever in CoD.Too much hate. Very underrated game.
how am i able to write a review lol i didnt buy it
Campaign was okay to play once. Multiplayer I was honestly disappointed with. Zombies was very fun I enjoyed it so much.I was annoyed that there was no local play though. I am rarely online because my internet is crap so i can barely play it.overall enjoyable...bring back local play.
I'm not sure I understand the criticism this game receives.I love the older Call of Duty games as much as the next person, they feel great and influenced the FPS gaming scene even up to now. This game is different to the old games, even more recent ones up to MW3, it's got your exo-suit mechanics that everybody loves to hate but honestly, it's exectuted fantastically.Overall, I think this game is a great improvement on the newer exo-suit formula, and stands out among the more recent titles from this franchise. While micro-transactions are present, they impact the game to a lesser degree than in a lot of other games as of right now.I would recommend this game to anyone who has enjoyed Call of Duty since BO2, or any similar franchises.
its good, it crashed on my pc when it started but i got it on xbox and i like it.
Honestly, better story and gameplay than BO3. I actually enjoyed it and it was fun. The first impression of this game was horrible but it wasn't bad, it was pretty good. I look foward to playing single player again from the Infinity Ward. Zombies mode is good. I buy COD for single player so I don't have much of an opinion on the multiplayer. I totally recommend this game if it is on a sale!
I never have and never will play COD Multiplayer. No interest. What I play these games for (though I skipped Black Ops 3) is for the single player campaign. And oh my goodness, WHAT a return to form this campaign is! I'd say it's my 2nd favourite of all time! (Behind COD 4,naturally) Edge of the seat gameplay, fun mechanics (nothing beats blowing  some Ajaks or destroyers)  genuinely competent team mate AI.. Likable characters... Long enough to enjoy without out staying it's welcome.. Bravo Infinity Ward! An Absolutely stellar single player campaign!
why i cant play multiplayer?
I don't see why people bashed the snot out of the future take on warfare, and space Battles! I loved the story. the space aspect was good, but the dog fights felt like they where on rails, and it would have been nice to use my Joy stick. But in all aspects, this is a First person COD game, so you get what you get! And the choice you get for your missions was Awesome. It made you feel like you where in control, for once  in a COD game.There where some problems with one of the missions not working, in one of the figter parts, that was a masive♥♥♥♥♥♥off. But a reinstall and start over in the story fixed it for me. That was the only problem for me.I didn't get a chance to try the Multyplayer, due to no one playing at this time.I did not pay full Price for this game. And if you want it, i would wait for a steam sale for it.But I Loved the story!
great game
Dont let the other reviews fool you...Don't immedietly get tricked into the idea that this is not a good game. Those reviews are purely written by trolls who either don't have a true taste for good games, or people that just arent good at the game. Im saying this being completely honest, this game has the most amazing campaign I have ever played. Not only for the gameplay, the graphics, or anything in between, but really the biggest of them all being the amazing story line and the way it just drew you in with each charecter, making it feel like you really were there and you trully felt every emotion they felt. I 10/10 reccomend this game, you wont be dissapointed.
nice
The muliplayer is good because everyone uses mouse and keyboard controls. Razer Wildcat FTW.
Excellent campaign that explores sci-fi warfare in a kinda interesting way. Loved the art style and the graphics in particular, the game just looks drop dead gorgeous at times. Also loved the commendable acting, especially from Claudia Christian of Babylon 5 fame.Multiplayer is a bit mediocre. It gives what you'd expect but doesn't really do anything whole lot different from Black Ops 3... And there's a serious lack of players at times, making it hell to find anyone playing anything but TDM.The zombies mode is fun for a while and has a great 80's soundtrack. Definitely worth a shot if you enjoy CoD zombies!
*disclaimer*- I am a solo player, i don't like multiplayer, thus i didn't play at all to multi and my review is based solely on the single player campaign. - Yes i am aware that BF's multiplayer is so ****** better but, once more, multiplayer hits me one without moving the other.Sooo, that said, , i'll be straightforward : i loved this game and it is a good game but i recommand to buy it only at discount price !** Pros :- The setting, i loved it, classical Mars vs Earth or colonies vs old world. Kinda feels like a mix between Starlancer and the Expanse, minus the aliens.- Ethan, i mean .. Ethan ! I hate toasters, i hated them in MEs, BSG, and so on but Ethan is so well written and so far from the regular "killzzz all humanzz" that he feels like the most fleshed out (no pun intended) character of the story.- The graphics. They are good, with gorgeous sceneries, nice skins and very good animations (heyhey Bioware).- Fighter craft missions : i really liked flying a F22 lookalike in space with semi realistic newtonian model, drifting between structures/asteroids.- Spacewalk missions, nothing like infiltrating an enemy capital ship hiding in an asteroid belt, throwing away enemies with your grapple or fighting on a hull with mag boots !- Realistic weapons, all hail kinetic energy and boo the lazors because they are cheap SciFi and the devs didn't fall into the trap !** Cons :-  The campaign is very short and this is the reason why i said to buy this game on discount : 11 or 12 hours only to finish the campaign doing all (i don't think i missed any) side missions.- Enemy motivations ? Beside "killzz all Earthlingzzz" i didn't catch any, maybe i missed ? Not even a "colonial fools !" !! I mean nothing, absolute zero ! It is a waste of Kit Harington's talent.- The music ! I know there is music in this game, i've read about it but sincerly i don't remember it, at all.- Few months after its release the game is still plagued by the infamous crash at 1st mission loading screen : c'mon devs, can't you fix the anti-virus exception with a patch or you just don't care anymore and let players handle it by themselves ?** Conclusion : A good "hard" scifi shooter, but very short so buy it only with a very good discount !
Zombies is lovely. Multiplayer the same as BO3. Haven't played the campaign yet.
Uninstall button works well
i know this game gets a bad rap for not being what players wanted, but still :|. it's a decent game with better movement than BO3 (in my opinion). the multiplayer is mildly broken, but still playable and definitely still enjoyable. days of summer is pretty good as well, and i hope they continue some of the things like prop hunt even after it ends.
Best Shader Preloading Simulator of 2017.11/10 Would Preload Again.
For those like me who looks for a good Campaign mode in a COD game, look no further. Infinite Warfare has one of the best campaigns next to the Modern Warfare trilogy. The story is well written, the characters are well voiced and you actually care about them eventhough as per COD tradition, everyone dies. The graphics are great and the space battles are what Star Wars Battlefront EA should have been. Optimization isn't a problem either in this game.
Disclaimer: This is a review of the Single Player Campaign only. I'm not big on CoD multiplayer. Also, I have finished this title previously on PS4, so please disregard my playtime as of the time I'm posting this review.So, I personally LOVED this game's campaign. Trust me, this was very surprising to me as I had previously not really loved a CoD campaign in forever. Some were quite decent, like Advanced Warfare, and some were horrendous, like Black Ops 3 and Infinity Ward's very own Ghosts.I was quietly optimistic about this game though, I actually liked it's reveal trailer. I thought it looked cool tbh and had no issue with the futuristic setting. In fact, I really liked that the vehicles, suits and weapons etc (absolutely fantastic weapon models btw, some of my favourites in any FPS) and thought they looked believably developed tech-wise from where we are now.The game has that bombastic, Hollywood blockbuster CoD feel to it, but it also allows more player agency than any previous entry in the series. In between main missions players are able to branch out from the main narrative and perform side ops, these allow for new weapons to be added to your arsenal and upgrades and new cosmetics to become available for your fighter jet, the Jackal. Many of the side missions, and main missions for that matter, allow you to fly this awesome bit of kit and it's a lot of fun, and nowhere near as "on-rails" as CoD usually handles vehicular traversal/combat.It's a really nice touch and makes the game feel far less linear than other entries in the series.The title looks absolutely exquisite for the most part as well. Sure, the engine does show its age here and there, and some textures don't stand up to close scrutiny, but overall, the presentation is almost always consistently excellent. I'd actually say Infinite Warfare looks routinely spectacular. Character models and facial animation is another area the title excels, perhaps only bettered by Advanced Warfare in the franchise.The story was enjoyable from beginning to end, and propelled the action appropriately. The antagonist is a little one dimensional but honestly, who cares? Your protagonist and his crew are a likeable bunch, in particular the wise-cracking robot Ethan, and the story actually has some surprising moments of gravitas that I definitely appreciated.In summation, I liked this title quite a lot. I cannot comment on multiplayer as I'm not qualified to do so, but the single player was a big win for me. I think it's unfortunate the game didn't get the reception I feel it deserved. Speaking for myself, I found the campaign in this title 1000x better than the manure that was Battlefield 1's campaign. Which was, in my opinion, such a boring collection of disparate stories cobbled together to form a fairly forgettable whole. It looked good, but that was about it.Performance wise, I have it maxed on settings at 1440p and running at an almost constant locked 125fps(the SP max refresh).However, I highly recommend Nvidia users do not use the most recent driver; 384.76. This driver was initially tanking my framerate hard, and was in some sections dropping as low as sub 20fps! After investigating, I found this was an issue many were experiencing. Rolling back to 382.53 seems to have completely remedied this situation and performance is buttery smooth
I absolutely love this game! I don't play the Campaign but i do play the Multiplayer which is so much fun and the guns look awesome. Sadly the player count is a bit low i'd wish more people were on it.
I liked the campaign. I'm not 13 years old so I didn't try the multiplayer. Maybe thats why I would recommend it.
Good!
This game isn't bad if you like the Call of Duty style, but the jumping makes is so hard to hit people.
Why the players dont love call of duty infinite warfare ?This is a perfect game
After getting the game to run stable I quite enjoyed it. The story is lenghty (for a CoD game) and has some depth. Not really into MP but SP campaign was a blast. So if you have a decent rig and patience I can on most part recommend this game when it's on sale at least.
Clap
I am actually surprised how well the singleplayer performed. It was short but from start to finish a blast. Story is a bit cliche but it is good action with a lot of interessting weapons and locations.I actually hoped it would be longer (about 8 hours) but i think its the optimal length for a game like this.Mars Aeternum, John Snow.
This game is getting way to much hate for what it is! The multiplayer is definitely better than the campaign but is extremely fun and definitely worth the money.(but it's only my opinion)
Oh call of duty, im a call of duty fan boy so don't go by my review but i love all of them, yeah infinite warfare wasnt finished when opened to the public, but i can say for sure that i had many hours of fun and got my money out of it.
I really don't get why people are that angry at this one, the set up is pretty good, the artstyle is also good, the scenario is clichÃ© but hey it's call of duty what did you expected ? I don't play those a lot in multiplayer so maybe it comes form the servers problems that were probably fixed... Overall more than a decent game and a good change for once, with nice dogfights and spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace.And surprinsingly enough the AI doesn't only care about you, so for once they fixed one of the worst points of call of duty, the solitary soldier syndrome.
I dont get where all the hate is coming from, the game is pretty fun, multiplayer is kind of annoying with supply drops, but the singleplayer is so much fun
Can't rate multi, I don't play it. IW has a very good single player campaing, the story is immersing, the FPS gameplay is as good as in any other COD game, the ability to choose missions and space-sim missions are a very nice additions. I recommend this game.
really really good !!! super over good :DDDD
Criminally underrated...because of the criminal practices of Infinity Ward and Activision. Supply drops and cod points ruin an already technical mess of a PC port. 91 FPS cap, no 144hz support, and overall messy optimization cover up an amazing campaign, multiplayer, and zombies experience (I love Zombies in Spaceland way too much for my own good). The campaign features space fights and even side missions, both of which have rarely been seen in Cod. Multiplayer is fun, nothing much to say there. Zombies however is AMAZING. Zombies in spaceland is one of the best zombie maps ever in the cod zombies series. Overall, Infinite Warfare is a great game, but it is ruined by bad technical issues and scummy practices.
its ok
Overall, not a bad Call of Duty game.  I did find the movement controls a little sluggish at best, compared to the previous games being smooth -- but generally speaking I can adjust for it (wish I didn't have to...)The space theme setting is a good change to just jungle and cityscape.Game could have been a little more polished off, but otherwise - no complaints.Worth playing through, if you have all the other CoD games and want to say "you've played them all"
Now this game by no streach of the word is worth $60. If there is a sale on and its resonably discounted buy it. Now the game its self is VERY fun. The Exo-Jumps are very smooth comapred to BO3 and IW. The Gunplay is well thought out and will entertaine you for hours. The story is MUCH better that BO3 or AW but its not as good as BO1 and BO2 or MW2. Sniping is great. so go buy this game if its on sale.BTW i am eating cereal while typing this.
This game have been better and better love it and always love to do my emblems and calling cards <3
The game just blocks at the end of a level when you are on ship crossing a metteorite field. I cannot do anything but the ship keeps being destroyed. All process enters an endless repeat... Can anyone help, please ?
SCREW THE HATERS!I waited for this to go on sale.  Picked it up for 29 on summer sale.  I dont really care about cod multiplayer I've read the reviews i know it sucks, but the 29 dollar price tag is so worth it!!!  This campaign is amazing!  It doesn't quite reach the gameplay excitement of titanfall but lands closer to Wolfenstien.  At 29 dollars I would recomend just for the campaign!
When ccatgirl dLC Microsift?
Being mainly single player I  adore CoD series for action and plot. Infinite Warfare gave me all I wanted and more then I expected as this episode takes place in space travel future and reminds space operas like Ian Douglas 'Star Carrier'.Great game!
This is actually a fun game with a great zombies mode.
My review is based on the single player campaign.Having played all of COD campaigns I can safely say, that if this game is the furthest in the "future timeline" that the franchise goes, it was well worth it.There was a bit too much time in the cockpit for my taste but overall I really enjoyed it. The new cinematic cut scenes add a deeper level of emotional attachment to the characters than some of the previous installments. This is the first campaign with a bit of "choose your own path". You'll reach a point in the game where you can follow the main storyline or do side missions. If you liked previous COD campaigns, definitely buy this (when it's on sale). Side note: Audio is choppy unless you put it in full screen borderless mode.
actually a good game
SP: One of the better ones, decent story and fun gunplay and changes it up with the Jackals & Space missions with hook thingy.. Def worth a play through!MP: Stick to consoles, its very scarce player numbers, seems little anti-cheat & I am yet to find a zombie match..Technical: SP is capped to 125 fps and MP to 91fps, not very acceptable.. both also suffer from missing frames and stutter, very annoying. Otherwise not to bad looking etc for an aged engine.
So i got this game a while back i havent played it since because there are so many cheaters on it i have got into one which has ♥♥♥♥ed up my stats on zombies. Zombies is probably the only fun thing on this gameEDIT:The game has got better now that i have actually played it more and now im getting into it again so i do reccomend this game.
The storyline in this game was great from start to finish.  You could connect with the people in the storyline and never feel bored it is worth the buy.
Easily the BEST Call of Duty in years. Don't listen to the blind hater echochamber who seem to hate all things 'futuristic'.Infinity Warfare features:- Excellent epic space opera single player campaign with more side content than any other CODs entire campaign- Fun zombies mode with its own progression system and all new weapons have been added to the weapon pool so ANY player can use them!- Great multiplayer mode with a lot of variety in weapons, maps and character customization. ALL new weapons that are added to the game can be unlocked by anybody, not just those with the season pass.The microtranscation system is much fairer in this game than AW and BO3. As I mentioned, any new weapon can be unlocked through in game challenges. Variants can also be unlocked with salvage which is accumulated when you get duplicates in supply drops. This game is NOT pay to win. The base guns are extremely powerful and weapon variants simply add variety in the form of new playstyles with each weapon.Multiplayer is not as popular as other CoDs like BO3 on PC but I have no issue finding matches on the weekends at mid day, and any time throughout the week after 7pm. (I AM IN THE OCEANIC REGION)If futuristic combat doesn't scare you away, I highly recommend this game.
Single player: THe game is about 8 hours long.This is a game where seemingly 99% of the budget was spend on graphic artists. The modelling is incredible and the level of detail in areas where you just walk by once is insane. Certainly its worth buying when on sale simply because of the production level which is incredible.As for game play, I think its decent enough for a 8 hour game, but certianly would not work for a longer period of time as there is no real depth to it. There is no cover mechanism, and the stealth mechanism is really just a walk. All you do is shoot and throw various types of grenades. They add a few things like little robots and drones, but basically the shooting gameplay is the same from start to finish.About 1/4 of the game is played in the cockpit of a space fighter. Here the combat is basically identical in every situation and never develops to the point where its just boring.The multiplayer seems to be region locked and in my region its a ghost town and basically no one is there there.... so don't buy for mutltiplayer IMO because no one seems to play it.
GOOD DAY FLESHY MAMMALS                  ,  /'-./\_   :    ||,>    \.-'||        ||        ||        ||
seems nice so far ... seasonpass just bought ^^
seems nice so far ... seasonpass just bought ^^
Great game
rip money
Was fun to play plus the remastered MW was amazing...
I don't know why people hate on this game, it's REALLY fun.  The multiplayer may not be for everyone, but it is super fast paced and feels all around alot quicker than the other CoD multiplayers.  The story mode is fun as well, has a Mass Effect-like map where you can pick and choose certain missions to advance the story or build resources with side missions on other planets.  Zombies in Spaceland, by far, has the best theme.  I'm a HUGE 80s buff and it fits perfect for me.  I absolutely loved the glow of all the pink neon signs and 80s pop music while killing zombies.  I recommend at least picking the game up on sale, def worth the $30.
its not so great, but campain is good.
Very Good, Very Nice, I Like.
SIMPLE FACT. THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD. ESPECIALLY THE EMOTIONAL ENDING. LOVED THE ENDING.......THE HARDWORK AND DEDICATION OF THE DEVELOPERS IS TO BE COMMENTED......KEEP IT UP AND THANK YOU FOR THIS GAME : )P.S- THE HATERS IN THIS PARTICULAR CASE ARE EITHER SPOILED OR SHEEP.  OR BOTH.....
i can say just because i found a super sale in a store i bought the  legacy edition in a reasonable price . the game is fine but still having the same problem not many players just only in tdm and domination  also this season pass you have to buy maps for this and the remastered  separately  you can imagine how angry you may be if you buy it  full price . i want to reguest the maps free (mp)no dlc.  cod black ops 3 recently got an update . you buy dlc only for zombies  all mp maps are open . wow its a lot of fun now . are more than 18 maps i guess i didnt count well cuz too many and check out ing harder plenty players cuz its fair and a lot of fun . so they just make the thing hard . why dont you make free mp maps  ,even  the mw remastered has microtransactions. its not about money  its about spendind in things that we must have the rights of using it after buying the game or maybe try to make dlc weapons so just give us pistol and we have to buy guns is the same sceneraio  game few players  lack of maps . good game but not fair you dont do nothing to get new players and make the game much more fun.
This game is amazing! I love it, it's fun, immersive. I'm hooked. Thank you for your hard work on this.
d
This would be a classic IF someone could find a way of banning all the cheaters who insist on spoiling it for everyone by using their wall hacks and aimbots.
I thought the game was a good shooter despite the fact that the community didn't want another sci-fi oriented COD game. On it's own merits and being objective, I feel that the game is pretty darn good and wished that the previous futuristic COD titles never existed because those titles really took away from the game.
Way underrated by angry multiplayers. They shouldn't have called it CoD. It's actually a suprisingly bad competitive shooter, but...About 8-16 hours of really high production quality single player content. This is probably the best written script i've ever seen. Every spawn location fits the story progression, every trigger blends in seamless.  Low repetition environment with tons of exciting detail. Excellent voice actors, amazing graphics, good music. Story isn't that unique or deep, but very consistent and well executed. with 50% on steam sale it's worth it.
honestly its not that bad
idk for u but i like it lol
Love the Solo aspects of this game! PvP not a fan as much. Hand controls are still difficult. Could be more from my lack of Steam controler but practice makes perfect-ish. lol Still fun and good story line.
!
I was put off buying this game for a long time because of the bad reviews but I took the plunge because it was on sale and haven't regretted it. It's a great game with cool mechanics and storyline, No idea how it playes online for multiplayer but that's not what I'm about anyway. Worth the money just for the singleplayer experience.
The zombies is a great change of pace from the usual serious nature of the treyarch games. I'd say its worth it for zombies alone
LOL
NO ANTI-CHEAT... ARE YOU KIDDING. I dont think call of duty even cares about PC players anymore :(.Still really fun to play, and worth the money if you have a beefy computer.
+ Very good singleplayer story + High effects+ Cutscenes are like movie- Hard, and fast multiplayer (for new players)78/100%I recommend
I only play campaign and i like it. Very good shooter.
No regret buying this game
Finally something different! Infinite Warfare is the best in the series since the originals, bringing the series into the future is a great idea, it was time for a change as games like this were getting repeditive and lacked content. Infinite Warfare is almost 3 games in one package, as you have the normal FPS mode with amazing battlfield layouts, then you have the new and amazing "Space combat" taking off from the ground and into space, and then we have the Zombies DLC which is also Amazing, this game also has the best graphics around and I often find myself just stopping to admire the scenery. A lot of the enemies are robots instead of boring old human soldiers and they require tactics to destroy, like the excellent ability to "Hack" the enemies and take control of them! theres nothing cooler than being able to hack a robot and suddenly be inside it on the other side of the battle looking back at youself and taking out the enemy from the inside! after a certain time limit you can then self-destruct taking out as many enemies as possible, you also have the ability to call in a gunship to attack chosen groups of enemies, and you also have "Spider Grenades" that when thrown unfild into a mechanical spider that seeks out the enemy and then crawls up their legs and attaches itself to them before exploding. The levels are set up much better than previous games, its not just moving into a skinny area and shooting waves of enemies right in front of you and repeating, there is variety in the enemies and locations so you can flank the enemy or take them out from differnt vantage points, Shooting robot enemies is much more fun than humans, as the robots react so realistically to shots, seeing pieces fly off them and tearing them appart and if you take their legs out they will continue crawling after you, they also run at you in self-destruct mode giving you a short time to kill them before they get too close and explode, the Space Ship combat missions are a real treat and break the game up making it much more fun and completely changing the environment, combat & enemies, Flying the Ship is easy & it controlls perfectly, its actually so good that it could be a game on its own and even rivals games like "Elite Dangerous", so much effort and love has been put into this game, just like good old games used to be, COD Infinite Warfare is made like games should be, not just pretty graphics, this game has it all, it would be extremely hard to make this game any better, if you ever liked FPS games and have been bored with the constant copies and clones that offer nothing new then this is the game youve been waiting for! You wont be disapointed! and with the Space ship combat and beautiful looking Zombie DLC there is something for everyone in this game, My only problem is the story could be better, but the characters are very well voice acted and have a lot of personality, especially "Ethan" your team mate and Cyborg as he jokes "I carry the brain of a human farmer" "Really?" "No mam" They dont come much better than this! 10/10
The Story is great. Really doesn't deserve all the hatred. Agree its not like the classic CoD but its good alright.Black Ops 3 MP feels better but I would recommend this for the SP story & MWR!
i like this game.
It's better then what people say, but it still is kinda meh. Zombies and single player are a lot fun, multiplayer is fun for like a half an hour here and there.
Multiplayer : like black ops 3 only better highly recommended, need more players due to idiots giving bad review, awesome game awesome gfx just great fun. Single player : was ok kind of lost interest half way through but its ok, buy mostly for multiplayer but single player is worth a go.I#ve seen it going for as little as £15 so basically grab it. Don't care what anyone says.
i love the story .
june 24, 2017 this game is pretty fun get it if you want it. the mulitplayer is kinda dead but you an still find games in the afternoon and bots is still fun to play offline. season pass might be worth it if you want the multiplayer guns they arent in loot boxes or whatever,, you'll just have them if  you have the season pass which i think is kool. idk i guess ill give it 7 out of 10 just becuase the multiplayer is kinda dead other than that its fun to play
Best campaign ever enjoyed it till the end!!!
This series has gotten so much♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I've basically stopped playing the series since Ghosts, but I decided to give Infinite Pew Pew a shot during this sale.Here's how I'll breakdown my thumbs-up despite the overwhelmingly negative reviews.The average movie ticket price in the US is around $8-9 and you generally get a little over 90 minutes of entertainment.Sure the franchise has run itself into a cycle of annual releases with the exact gameloops repeated over and over, but Call of Duty has consistently delivered an entertaining - albeit cheesy, over-the-top hoorah, pew pew mcpew-pew - singleplayer movie shooter.  I got my 9 hours of the ooh-rah space pew pew campaign. Played 20 seconds of the zombie mode before I noped the ♥♥♥♥ out of there. Was called a noob in multiplayer and then told my vicious namecaller to have relations with the corpse of his country's recently deceased head of state before quiting.  Yeah, I paid around $30 (in a thirdworld country so prices adjust a touch) with the summer sale for 9 hours of solid fun. Or about 6 movies worth of entertainment. Well worth the price in my book. Keep doin' what you're doing CoD, I'll buy it every summer sale... sure as I'll watch every damn Marvel, Fast & Furious, John Wick, and Transformer movie. They don't have to make sense or break new ground... they're just damn fun.Alright... time to give the last few CoDs a shot too I guess.
Played through the campaign on hardended in 15 hours which was a surprisingly long campaign for a COD game. I quite liked the story and the characters that I was fighting alongside. I would be caught off guard every so often by a plot device which was a pleasent surprise! Variety of grenade types was neat (zero g! lol! ) and so was the little enviromental things on the ship that changed after every wee mini-mission, nice touches! One of the best COD campaigns for sure, dog fighting in space, zero g shooting and the story area made for a fun experience.Can't speak for any other element of the game. I also got it for a very nice sale price :DAlso GTX 980 and 6700k ran this at max at 60fps with no FPS drops - NICE!
This game sucks. :>
COD will always have it's haters, and mostly are justified. But it's hard to wade through these reviews to see which are warranted or not.First of all, I know I only have a couple of hours in game but first impressions and all. I mainly play COD (like other FPS games) for the campaign and so far I'm absolutely loving this one. I'm a huge sci fi fan so this game does cater towards me more however the graphics are phenominal and the story line and actual gameplay is what you would expect from a team that has multiple awards under their belt.If you want to play it without the fear of regretting the purchase, get it in the sale. It's a win win.If mulitplayer makes you more salty than a McDonalds salad, there's plenty of other stuff to be getting on with in this game.
First of all. IGNORE what others have said..PERIOD.They are all way off. JUST the NEW BAD♥♥♥♥♥HIGH TECH Weapons alone is worth this playing for. ~ THe Campaign is really FUN! and You fight things that are WAY advanced and  you will LOVE THIS COD.10 STARS!!!!!
For some reason it isn't working so i cant really give a review, but i just wanted to say, FOR GOD SAKE FIX THE SERVERS
great game its very similar to black ops 3 but still great game worth 40 doller dont buy it in regular price only in sale i really enjoyed from the gameplay and recommended  for everyone who love fps games
Pretty good game.
Decent game, don't understand all the hate!
This is worth at least one play through. Frankly, it is mainly worth buying just for the awesome Modern Warfare Remaster.The story is decent and the voice acting is good. The ending though is very anti-climactic to me and left me feeling dissatisfied. There is at least a bonus Easter egg for us F1 fans because Lewis Hamilton has a small part in here but let's just say acting isn't in his future...The gameplay was surprisingly bad. Every Call of Duty game has just about one level that makes you pilot a vehicle of some kind. These are always my least favorite. I don't buy first person shooters for crappy, low quality vehicle simulation experiences. I always push myself through the vehicle levels as quick as I can so I can continue on with the cool story and the first person shooting action. In this one however, there is a HUGE emphasis on flying a space ship kind of like in Battlestar Galactica. It isn't bad but like I said, first person shooter...not flight sim...The level design makes up for the gameplay though. The planets and moons that you get to travel to are amazing to see in person if you are a fan of space like I am.All in all, not a 'bad' game so worth at least one play through.
I really enjoyed it. But i dont give a flying turd about multiplayer. Single player campaign was decent. But i wish they would expand it a bit.
good
Idk what are you guys saying its really a good game there and there fps drops but everything is ok 10/10
I think im the only one who liked this game more than BO3. BO3 was a dissapointment to me for i only played zombies because campaign and MP was boring to me. IW gave me something new with all gamemodes, I loved space in the campaign, and the zombies was very different and multiplayer was a lot more fun. IW zombies did the gobble gum system better than Bo3 with the fate and fortune cards, there weren't completley overpowered cards and you didn't have to randomly gert them from the machine. In multiplayer there are no OP specialist and payloads. Campaign was just way more interesting than BO3. And above all i could run this game better than i did with bo3 with the same hardware. it looked better and ran better overall.
could have been better.
Very good online mp ❤Awsome story mode ❤❤But terrible zombies gameplay....i mean.... it really SUCKS...!!!
Buy The Legacy Edition.... It's More Worth It Than Just Infinite Warfare. You Get Modern Warfare Remastered Too With The Legacy Edition. :D I approve It.
I can't speak for the multiplayer, as I haven't really played it much, but personally I think the campaign mode was one of the best in recent installments. The new setting with added weapon types and space battles kept the gameplay fresh whilst the characters and story were a cut above that of Ghosts and AW.
ooioohhhh yeeah
great feeling control from this game, just dont know why the fewer people
I mean why people hate this game?I think is a good game maybe you should try i out.;)
It is very good. Some people don't like it for it being too futuristic but it's cool I think.
Never liked the multiplayer of CoD series. But single player in this game is great! The design and attention to details is amaizing. And the best part is equipment and character design. I can look at this little details forever!Developers did a stunning work here. I have a feeling that half of the hate towards this game is comming for people who wants "to be in trend" because nowdays it's cool to hate CoD
Am i the only person on earth who actually enjoyed and liked this game?
The campaign is pretty good to be honest, the story is actually enjoyable and you can get quite a lot of gameplay out of the side missions. Regardless of the hate this game got, its actually not that bad as a single player experience.The optimisation is really good, i manage to hit 60 fps easily with a mid range GTX 950 m , akin to a few moments of stuttering which can be fixed by pre loading shaders. Overall a very enjoyable singeplayer experience, feels almost like a Star Wars Battlefront 2 single campaign.
If you want a game that is like Titanfall 2 but without the Titans, this is the game for you.
This game is OK, I know it got a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥for not being what the community wanted but personally it's actually worth playing. It of course is not worth $60 although it's campaign I really enjoyed and same with the zombies. The multiplayer has no one playing it and it also really boring after a while when found a match because everyone uses an NVK variant that is overpowered.
pretty good
bought on a deal through cd keys just over 6 quid,reading the negative reviews i knew what i was getting into,the campain is great not your usual cod grind,muliplayer i tryed once didnt think much of it -so if you can get it cheap like i did run through the story and enjoy it
This is a cool game
Don't mind the haters, find a sale and get the game. It lacks a tad of players but it's a really good game.
I don't know what peoples gripe about this game is. I loved it, it reminded me of playing wing commander on the 3DO. Stunning graphics, gripping story and its CoD in space. Jump off the band wagon and find it at a bargain price and enjoy it.
Despite What EVERYBODY says about this game ITS not that awful. I adored the campaign even tho everbody said it was boring as ♥♥♥♥, I didn't care i played it and completed it but then again Im not a 12 year old kid or a complete Addict to the call of duty series in fact i actually dislike the Cod series but this one peeked my intrest because of the campaign so i went of and bought it online and i do not regret it for 1 moment the graphics are pretty good if your pc can run it.But then the multiplayer Is the Big issue here i have never met a more toxic and salty community as the COD community its all about camping, cursing eachother to death and calling eachother Noob all the time. I do enyoy the multiplayer for what it is, I just absolutely DISLIKE the community so i disabled text chat so i can play in peace without hearing ♥♥♥♥ you noob and uninstall cod If your like me, If you never played COD in your life i would say this is a good start or any of the other ones that don't envolve multiplayer.I know even the director of Infinite Warfare said this game was a mistake and its such a shame because if you remove the toxic players this game is Insanely addictive and super fun to playYou can dislike this game all you want I enyoyed it and still do till this day. But don't buy it just for the multiplayer the campaign is where this game shines the most in. Mars Aeternum
Zombies is a blast. Still proud of my Soul Key ;)Met many friends from all parts of the world in this game, truly thankful.
The SciFi setting and campaign is really cool in my opinion. Too bad most people seem to hate it because I'd quite like to see a sequel to this.Can definitely recommend this to everyone who likes epic space action and SciFi.
This is top notch. Really enjoying the campain.
best game NA. its fun. its♥♥♥♥♥♥ its nice. its mean. just like your girlfriend
dab
its very goooooooood !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seriously....... enough already with the bad reviews.Okay. Yes I admit frankly I was disappointed after the usual and inevitable hype surrounding the Multiplayer Game Mode, but  I did truly enjoy the campaign. Unless you are going to play all of the aspects of the game (Multiplayer (6/10, Zombies (7.5/10 but would've wanted something unique and different compared to the usual and safe option of Zombies and then you have Campaign which, in my opinion was one of the best COD campaigns ever, considering it was from IW!),  but then if you would not use everything I would not recommend paying highly for this game. Anything above the £20 mark and you may be at a concern of not getting your money's worth. However, other than that, I would recommend this game mainly on the playability but also because of the Campaign considering it's not a sequal to a game or not had the best of reputations and chances.
it was fun when it was when you guys put it for free for two days maybe you guys can do it againg plz it would mean so much to plz thank you
i don't know why people hate this game, i like all 3 modes very much especially multiplayer and campaignEDIT :it keeps crashing and scorestreaks are too little please fix it
The campaign is great, Zombies is actually interesting this time, and the multiplayer is well.. It's there I guess.
Base Game - Fluid, Fun, Fast-Paced, ABSOLUTELY STUNNING, decent campaign, enjoyable zombies mode. Personally I would wait for a sale or something, but if you just want a game where you can shoot a whole bunch of dudes mindlessly, this is definitely worthy of being in your library.MWR - ♥♥♥♥ing Beautiful, Balanced, Great Campaign, Great Multiplayer and Satisfying Gunplay. Overall the game is absolutely wonderful... when my framerate isn't eating dog excrement. I'm running a GTX 1080 w/ i7 6700K@4.00GHz and the game suffers from random massive frame drops and occasional freezing. I've messed around with every graphics setting, and even on the lowest settings it still has dropped frames in certain maps (especially Backlot). I have found no solution for this issue so far. Honestly, it's worth getting the Deluxe Edition of IW just for this, if you can get past the possible performance issues.
Should this be a COD game? No.This game is quite a hated game by a lot of people. But honestly it isnt a overall bad game. It makes the COD franchise look horrible just like the other 2 futuristic games. -CampaignThe campaign is quite interesting. First off with mission selection, selecting side missions to do before the main one. Another thing is the loadout selection that was introduced in BO2. The campaign overall has a decent story that is a little difficult to follow. Overall 8/10-MultiplayerThe Multiplayer is the same as BO3, same movement system, same over and underpowered weapons. But This Game introduces Weapon Variants, which are basically the same weapon but with perks. It gives weapons a new feel, but youll probably be killed by a NV4 or a Reaver Variant Overall 6/10-ZombiesZombies is my favorite part of this game. I have most of my hours on it alone. Zombies gives us an introduction to 4 new characters and a Narrator. The short before each Solo game gives an explenation on the whole situation, a must watch to understand. The gameplay is simple boots on the ground, theres plenty of fun things to do. Overall 9/10Summary- 7.5/10The Multiplayer is truly the only downside of this game, the toxic players and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tness of weapons. Its a good game to play for Zombies and Campaign
Errrm due to the mostly negitive reviews I thought I'd contribrute to the more positive on here. I'm 36 years old which gives me certain scope to say I've played a lot of games, in fact I'd be inclined to say thousands!! That pushed aside, call of duty (eyes roll) yer I'm the same, fanchise poo poo! Hold on, the single player campaign is ..... well, wow! It feels like playing the original halo without Master Chief, yer mega statement but honestly its really good. Graphically its superb and after all its upadtes it runs fine, im hitting 137 fps on a laptop with a GTX 1070 on ultra. Gameplay is varied and story line is easy to follow unlike the rest of them. I agree the multiplayer is a bit meh! But the single player mode is cracking. Pick a key up on ebay for £10 just for the singleplayer and pretend your playing as Master Chief, you'll be chuffed!!!
Look honestly i can see why people don't like Infinite warfare but i honestly really like it i mean its not my all time favourite cod or game but i really enjoy the campaign and the multiplayer even though i am trash at it but  the things that put me off were the zombies usually i love zombies but this was really unpleasent and  that no one plays multiplayer i wanted to make this review for a while and i didn't know what to say
I am almost exclusively play campaigns in games, and this was no different. I'm not a multi-player gamer. I can't discuss the multi-player portion of Infinite Warfare, but I can say that I really enjoyed the single player campaign. It was fun and exciting, and eventually after about 7 hours, I began to care about the mission and my NPC comrads. It's not the best game as far as storyline goes, but it does have one that makes sense and is delivered pretty well. I found Wolfenstein: New Order to be a better game with better story, but this was good also. I would say that for any price below $30, it is definately worth it. The environments and models are GREAT. I often just stood around and looked at the beauty. AI is pretty dumb at times, but at other times not. All around a good one.
I really don't understand why everyone is so down on this game,it has its great moments and tyhe not so great moments when they build the perfect game for everyone let me know I'd love to play it. I enjoyed the campaign and the multiplayer can be fun if you have good security software so everyone on the game isn't hacking or cheating it's easily spotable I don't understand why the devs. and Activision haven't done a better job at fixing this problem,for the most part I play custom games just for all the reasons that people have spoken about the games shortcomings so I have fun and don't have to deal with all the **** that everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about you bought the game so play it it's actually pretty fun even without boots on the ground only difference you float up instead of falling down when dead! I like and dislike it at the same time hard to figure this one but I still put some hours in every now and again, Toast and turn it up!!!
Well, what can I say, after 58 mins of play time, its just constantly crashed, and I havent fired a shot yet..update, after much searching within google/other sites etc.. It seems you have to make an exception in your antivirus (mine was Avast), after that, the crashing stopped, and the game became playable.  Would have been helpful to know this beforehand, as I havent had to manually do this before.  (BF1, WoW, STO, Previous COD titles have been fine..)So basically, its ok, just do the above and you should be fine.Peace you crazy kids.. :D
Be slightly mechanically better than somone for a few games and you're a Hacker.Run dead silent and other perks for no map location, Hacker.Play Hardcore and prefire corners where you no people are going to camp/be, you guessed Hacker.Have 30-45 year  olds cry like children because they dont undersstand p2p and lag, yet again Hacker.all and all 15/10(and yes I know thats a vac you dont have to keep yelling something someone already knows and willfully got <3)
futuristics
I think it's a good CoD. Top 5 Campain and fun ZombiesI prefer boots on the ground but with FREE DLC GUNS you get new experience every month.also it´s easy to get salvage and epic guns if you know spend your keys.
Blood, A lot of it. Action, space, call of duty and a lot of blood. First person shooter is very great. Give this game a hotshot and a try, it´s fun.
9/11 I won't buy this again.
Only reason why I bought this game = ZombiesMultiplayer isn't THAT bad....
The Call Of Duty series we all have compined with an FPS game when we hear the title,  it has long story as FPS games these series. It is like Battlefield the masters of FPS gaming.    As for the Infinite it reminds me the Call of duty Advanced Warfare.I like it.. It is not the best FPS i ever play but it is good enough. Graphics not the best i ever see but acceptable as good.  It supports only one GPU and if you have a single GTX 1080 SLI and you try to play it at 4K you can maxed out the game and have 60 FPS, with all the 'secret" graphic options enabled  like miscellaneous options.    For sure the owners of GTX 1080 ti they don't have problem but keep in mind you have 11.3 Teraflops and the owners of SLI GTX 1080 have 18 Teraflops, as for the Vram 11GB and the GTX 1080 SLI owners 8GB even at SLI , as for the 1070 SLI owners they have 13 teraflops and 8 GB of VramBut the memory the Memory Bus Width at GTX 1080 Ti is 384 and for GTX 1080 and 1070 256..
guys , i just bought this cod , then why i can't find match? pls , i need your help i'm from indonesia T_T
COD Infinite Warfare is a great game with nice online features like Zombies and Multiplayer. But on my new computer it runs slow and I've tried to fix it but nothing will work. I'm not saying it's a bad game just get in on a console like PS4 or Xbox 1.
You can't hate a game for its theme. Everyone judges this game because its futurustic but Infinity Ward did the futurustic theme right. I mean if you don't like the futurustic theme, just don't buy it but there is nothing wrong with this game. I don't prefer futurstic theme myself but still this game is fun and its really well optimized. Everyone says "multiplayer sucks etc." but there is really nothing to hate about it. Its CoD and everyone knows CoD has fast-paced combat but suddenly fast-paced combat becomes "worst CoD ever etc." and everyone suddenly thinks that Battlefield does it right and every other FPS games should do it like Battlefield. But thats compeletly wrong because Battlefield has some different style its compelety different from CoD. One has objective (conquest and rush mode) focused gameplay, slightly slow-paced combat, much bigger maps and the other has TDM (and some unique CoD multiplayer modes) focused gameplay, fast-paced combat, smaller maps, scorestreaks etc. I'm sure everyone hates this game because hating CoD is became a fashion these days. I bought it and i wasn't expecting it to be a good game because of all those negative reviews. But suddenly, i realized its not bad at all actually its pretty solid experience. I haven't played campaign yet but i played multiplayer and zombies. So far multiplayer feels pretty solid and zombies is aslo pretty good. They took a different road from Treyarch's zombies and its more colorful. I don't really say that there is nothing wrong about this game the price itself is a big negative and also that Legacy Edition is a big mistake but thats what Activision does its not developer's fault. So, what i'm trying to say is, if you like fast-paced CoD combat just buy it. All those reviewers bought this game for just leaving that negative review just don't listen to them they don't really play the game they just hate it no matter what.
S U P A D O P E
I was hesitant to purchase this game because of the bad reviews, but a few hours into it I think it's great. The graphics are awesome, the environments look great, and the character animations are all top notch.
Dont like the jets
Gud Game, fun to use hacks
Well this game is great i like the multiplayer but you die quite fast, nice options for you in multiplayer, zombies mode looks good but no one plays which is a shame witth this game i still like call of duty and i feel punished for it i hope the mutiplayer community stays as i like playing these games from time to time. i also like cod 4 remastered, the lecacy edition is abit expensive would be nice for it to be cheaper because of the  low player base. i like these games and im  not looking forward to ww2 i hope it still looks good i got burned buying this on pc and it's a shame because this game and every other call of duty are good games, but i think they need to add more to these games now as i have alot of cods and there kinda simlar. i hopoe the developer listens as im a big fan, i might not buy season passes but i still purchase these games, so i guess this is a mixed review.
I love this game and don't think it is the worst game ever like cod community saidFor who like bo3 its good game because both is very similarAnd think about this, Activision and infinity ward had 1 year to do the game and WW2 (for example) had 3 year to do it , year of AW year of BO3 and now , year of IW
This game has really tough campaign, awesome! Beautiful! Thrilling! I don’t understand these low ratings. Because of the Multiplayer? F*** it! Tremendous game!
this game is AWSOMEi liked everything10/10(this is not a joke)
I picked this up for $30 at my local Wal-Mart. I figured I'd give it a go for half price, why not? I'm not a fan of the crazy flying, jumping, cloaking of Advanced Warfare, but I decided it couldn't be too bad, and there's still a campaign and zombies modes.Well, the campaign was okay. It seemed really short and, if you skipped the side-missions, you could probably finish it in a few hours. I really wanted to like it, but it was way too forced and labored. It felt like a chick flick with robots. The ending was bland and poorly executed. The campaign had one excellent feature: The final notes from some of the side characters that didn't make it. Those did good at hitting you right in the feels, but the campaign itself was very lackluster.The one zombies map that's available without dropping another paycheck on DLC is pretty great. It does have tons to offer and hours of gameplay. Might even be the best zombies mode of any CoD game!There's a reason there are more people playing Black Ops 2 than this on multiplayer. No, it's not that Black Ops 2 has a good multiplayer. The multiplayer for Infinite Warfare is atrocious. You can only be effective after taking a whole bottle of adderall, as everything moves far too fast. Wall-running, sliding, jetpacks that recharge seemingly instantly...It's just too crazy. That being said, go contact your nearest kindergarten-age drug dealer and grab some Dew, it's time for a ♥♥♥♥♥torm of a party.6/10 - Do kinda enjoy multiplayer. Zombies is dank. Would buy on sale, but not full price.
Pro: - Outstanding Campaign.- Nice Graphics.- Weapon Variants.- Payloads and Traits.- Easier to flying around than BO3.Con:- Maps too small.- Bad scorestreaks.- Awful Shotguns.- Salvage earn rates are way too slow.- Laggy Multiplayer.- DLC (lol).7/10
Infinite Warfare is an okay game; not amazing, not great, not bad, not terrible, just okay. It isn't the best CoD game out there, that much is obvious, and the best probably goes to Black Ops 1, Black Ops 2, World at War, or one of the Modern Warfare games, but what do I know. What I do know is that this game isn't amazing, but it isn't terrible either, just okay. Campaign is fine from what I can tell, Multiplayer is okay, and Zombies is good, even if they copied a lot from Black Ops 3 (like the Gobble Gum system and a lot of the lines of dialogue from picking up power ups or the famous "Fetch me their souls" which is in Rave in the Redwoods).Multiplayer isn't as clustered or overpowered as Black Ops 3 with the infamous Brecci and D13 Sector. Speaking of, supply drops are much better in this game since you can actually get keys, not just Multiplayer, but from Zombies as well and you can salvage to just straight up buy varients, which for the DLC weapons, gets you the weapon; you don't have to unlock the weapon like in Black Ops 3, you just get one varient of that weapon or buy a varient using salvage from duplicates (and getting it from rare drops as a bonus like Cryptokeys) and you get that weapon.Zombies, while it does copy a lot from Black Ops 3 and Teryarch in general, it's not bad. It's hard as hell, fun with friends, and gets you keys, so it's very worth your time to at least try it out. Zombies in Spaceland, the base Zombies map you get with the game is insanely hard, but the other maps do get easier (which is typical for most Zombie gamemodes). Plus it gueststars David Hasselhoff, Kevin Smith, and more to come with the maps. Also, the main bad guy is voiced by Pee Wee Herman, just throwin' that out there.So, is Infinite Warfare a great game? No. Is it a bad game? Also no. It's just an okay game, it does not surpass the obviously better CoD games by no means, but is better than the obvious black sheeps in the series and most of the older titles, at least in my book. I say at least give the game a chance, if you don't like it, you don't like it, but that does not make it a bad game, it's just okay.So, in my opinion, this game gets a 6.6/10 because 7 seems too high and 6 seems too low.
Worth $30-$40 canuck bucks for the campaign. It's like playing through a decent sci-fi movie.
The all campaign was actually pretty short. It took like 1 hour to finished.As always, the multiplayer community is a cancer. Zombie were barely acceptable.There's only  map for zombie and the rest you have to purchase DLC.
Honestly, I bought this game for the remastered Modern Warfare. But ended up enjoying Infinite Warfare, and Zombies in Spaceland way more than the remaster itself.This game gets a lot of undeserved hate, futuristic or not. It's a decent game, should atleast be given a chance.
Campaing is decent.  Classic totalitarian villain story.  Amazing visuals.  It is definitely a $30 experience, games these days are severly overpriced compared to the content one gets, especially considering all of the "preorder bonuses", "DLC", and "exclusives" signifigantly devaluing the game.  Multiplayer and zombies modes not played.Pros:Good special effects,Fun single player.Good spacefight action levelsCons:"quicktime" actions add no value to the experience, just annoyance."DLC" is worthless.NPC characters don't fight well at all, enemies target player almost exclusively.Story could use some work, it has inconsistencies.In summary: buy it on sale, it's not worth full price.
Not joking, a pretty good game, as many hackers as GTA Online, DLC, And a Season Pass. Best game 2016, kirkus review would reccomend it.
Verry good game
I dont know.. I wanted to like this game but like this, but it didnt got me hooked. (Only played the story mode)The last Story of a cod game i played was mw2 and you cant really compair those two. The only thing that really stayed the same was that you have guns in your hand. Besides that they are completley different games. + The Story was ok. The acting was great and i liked that "real actors and persons" played characters in the game. + Sounds were allright+ Graphics are good. I noticed me dropping to 50 fps from time to time which was annoying, since i can easyly play every game on ultra with solid 60-150 fps (i5 7600k, 16gb DDR4, GTX 1060 6GB) but besides that everything looked great.~ Story was meh.. Thats the best i can put this. Like i said in the beginning, id didnt got me hooked.The most important question: Is it worth a buy? On a big discount yes. I got it for around 10â‚¬ on a keyside (e.g.â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ cdkeys etc) and for 10â‚¬ it is really worth it. For its normal pricetag maybe. If you enjoy cod youll get alot of gamemodes besides the story like Zombies and a iconic multiplayer which is filled with little children that had sexual interactions with your mother. I honestly dont get the hate tbh. If this game got released under a different name it would have been hyped like crazy.
**SINGLE PLAYER REVIEW ONLY**I bought this game very nervous of what the expect. I mostly wanted the Modern Warfare 4 Remaster, but since I got this thought I may as well give it a try regardless of the negativity it has recieved. I went in with low expectations and it turned into one of my new favorite games.Story: The story is pretty straight forward; save the Earth from an enemy looking to take it over. But I felt like it was more than that because the story telling in this game was great. It felt like the story for this game could be a far off future when we can finally accomplish space travel on the large scale. I connected with the characters and was deeply saddened as the storyline progressed further. It should be noted that I love science fiction and this game made me feel like I was playing a blockbuster science fiction movie.Gameplay: The gameplay is pretty standard and plays like any other Call of Duty game or FPS for that matter. The guns though were something that stood out for me. As much as I love science fiction, I am always concerned when I play a new sci-fi game when it comes to weapons. I don't like it when weapons go to futuristic that they don't seem realistic, but I don't like when weapons don't make a large enough jump from modern weapons to make them feel futuristic enough. This game hit a great balance of projectile and energy weapons with keeping them realistic looking. There are many space battle opportunities in this game as well where the player will pilot a Jackal and get in dogfights in space. At first, this was a lot of fun and I enjoyed it. Unfortunatly, after the fourth or fifth time, it started to feel like a chore and I didn't enjoy them as much anymore. I didn't outright dislike them, but the combat felt very slow, and I felt more disconnected with the characters and the story during those moments. Some of these missions are optional, and though I chose to do every one of them that I saw on the map, this obviously doesn't need to be the case for you. The game has a few moments where stealth is very much needed to complete a mission or get through an area easier. Though it isn't really required, going loud in these areas can be difficult due to the increased number of guys that show up all of a sudden. The stealth was nice to break up the run and gun, but was not necessarily implemented the greatest; but hey, it works.Graphics and physics: I'm combining these too since they are both short. I played this game maxed out in 4k, so needless to say I thought the graphics were amazing. Some of the space scenes looked as good as some I have seen in movies, if not better. The physics were done much like any other game so they were nothing ground breaking, but there were some space missions such as one on an asteroid where the asteroid is spinning and it made me feel like I was on a giant moving rock. Now maybe this doesn't fall under physics, but the way it made that entire mission play, felt like physics were at play at all times even if they really weren't.Conclusion: If you are looking for a good science fiction FPS, and are only looking for a single player story line to play through, then this is your game. I would highly recommend it to anybody looking to play this for single player only. I will not comment on multiplayer as I am one of the few that buys Call of Duty games for their single player and not multiplayer. Maybe that is stupid to some, but I have never been big on multiplayer in any game therefore it has never been my focus. Single player is what this game does do great though. My recommendation is to pick this game up on a sale as the single player campaign can be a little on the short side and definitely isn't worth full price just for a short compaign, but it's worth a play through at some point.9/10 I will replay through this again for sure.
Its r8, I get fun out of the multiplayer and really enjoyed the campaign, although I wish the campaign was longer though!! apart from, thumbs up from me.
It is a great game with goog gameplay and decent guns. However, it glitches and freezes out on me all of the time. If Raven and Activision would fix this that would be great. For example AI start it up and it just gives me a black screen and nothing happens. Like I said before this game is good all execpt for the unplayable glitching and freezes.                                                                                                                                                            -Thank you
This game is really fun for singple player, multiplayer I still haven't try yet, but If you are prefer to campaign gameplay, just try it.
I recommend Infinite Warfare as an outstanding game for all ages who likes action and to test yourself in multiplayer, developig your reaction. Have a fan to play.
So good that I bought it twice. [come back with a full review]
For the few that prefer the single player over multi-player, it was nice to actually have a game worth buying that actually gave some effort to the campaign. I haven't tried the multi-player, doubt I will.
Great Campaign but the multiplayer sucks.Good Pc Port runs with an gtx 970 over 60 fps at high settings
good game
This is not a terrible game as what most might perceive, being that the launch trailer is youtube's most disliked video of all time. I do have to say all the effects were great, controller support on PC, graphics were amazing. This leaves us with the bad, the multiplayer is more of the same; wall jumping jetpack nonsense that has been implemented in the previous lackluster generations of games. Leveling up in multiplayer can only be described as pay to win common ground of call of duty as of late nothing special to look forward to. The only reason to play this game is for the campaign storyline, nothing else.
Ive been seeing alot of aimbots and wall hacks recently so VAC is not working very well. Makes gameplay suck in multiplayer. Its hard enough to get into a server much less have a good game anymore. In the last week I have been abale to play on the new maps once.. I paid for map packs and cant even use them because of the server setup ect. I havent even been able to get a server for anything other than TDM in months. Campaign is alot of fun, I just wish the multiplayer was more than it is. Deffinately do not reccomend paying 60 dollars for the game then a bunch of money for maps you wont be able to play on.
I truly enjoyed, this game. I decided to purchase the game, inspite of the negative reviews. I was having issues with stuttering, but changed some of the settings, thanks to the Steam Community. Loved the campaign.
So, i'm one of the guys who bought every cod since 2007 (Which was COD 4 Modern Warfare) I played Black Ops III and Advanced Warfare So i'll start off with the campaign I really enjoyed the campaign, the way the characters are seen is really awesome  Multiplayer works really well if you can shake off the VPR users and a bit unbalanced matchmaking Zombies went back to the old style, which is REALLY nice at least for me, the map is great and if you have friends to play with , then its really fun All things taken into mind, i really recommend this game, all those bad reviews can go play battlefield
Dispite all the hate this game has been getting, I think it's actually okay. Now, before you say "OH THIS GAME IS TRASH WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT", read my reasoning.Reason #1: The campain is pretty great to be perfectly honest.Reason #2: Multiplayer is ehhh, not the greatest, but still decent. (The multiplayer is really only bad because of the playerbase, and the "tryhards.)Reason #3: I haven't played much of zombies, but the zombies so far are okay.In conclusion, this game is okay, but not the best. Definitely doesn't deserve the hate it's getting.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare have is plus and minuses.But i like it!6.5/10
zombies is gud, the end
infinate warfare.... where to start?Story:well the story is not a complete waste of time, while it dose suck it is at least somewhat different with optional missions having upgrades for the player if they beat them. too bad the story has a 'dying for the grfeater good' ending where you sewar that nobody wins in the end.Multiplayer:Just no.Willard wyler's zombies madness:+story not jamed down your throat+diverse sellction of maps so far(with a monster movie suspected as the 3rd DLC map)+intresting hidden songs e.g. puppet strings, Cats on the boluvard, the remix of the MW1 theme.~the famous actors in the maps, is a likely action to draw in more people to the game.-the brute on Spaceland, however he is the only one of the set that can randomly spawn in after wave 8.so in the end, I guess that I would recomend this. (too bad that this game had such a rocky start and then burried under BO3 DLC5.)
The multiplayer is less than stellar,. The poor hit detetion and constant lag spikes make it frustrating. The zombies, on the otherhand, is quite enjoyable. It's a nice change of pace to the more serious Treyarch maps. :)
I'z thinx dis Game be mod cool fun zombies, MEH Multiplayer adn akk campagne.got game for 9 pounds on prety col shdy website but 4 fun time!BTW dope AF
Good:-Campaign-ZombiesBad:MultiplayerWouldnt buy this for the full price though. There are sites that have better prices. I got it for €11.50.
As someone who only plays CoD solely for the single player, I can't speak for how good or bad the multiplayer or zombies aspects of the game are but nonetheless I think the campaign here was for me the most enjoyable one since the original black ops, it is however quite short and the load times between stages was unbearably long, aside from that though I enjoyed it but would not say it's worth the full price. Suggest waiting for it to be on sale like I did if you really want it.
I loved the campain to be honest i liked it alot. Multiplayer was♥♥♥♥♥♥ But the Campain really got me to love the game. I never liked COD's Multiplayer i think thats why i hated this one or its just cause  its♥♥♥♥♥♥ Peace to the fallen.
I bought the game during the sale mostly because I wanted Modern Warfare Remastered.I liked the look of Infinite warfare from the trailers as it looked like a fun game even if it was not what the community wanted, however upon launching the game it constantly just freezes for no reason after about 5 minutes. I cannot play the game to have a proper opinion about it because it does not work! To be honest it is really unfortunate because I would like to play Infinite Warfare but alas it does not work as I stated previously. Modern Warfare remastered however is amazing! 100% would recommend getting the bundle even if you do not bother playing Infinite warfare.
This Is A Fantastic Game!! I Love It So So Much!!! I Recomend This To Many.
I am having great fun playing this game. I read the reviews that said the game was bad, got it anyways and played it, and I really like it. Don't let the reviews sway you in your decision to get a game. Make your own decisions on whether or not something is bad.
game is okey
Quick thought's and opinion of this game!I use to love cod many year's ago,then fell out of love with it and the jumped inboard the hate train with everybody else!So I've been playing battlefield 1 with season pass,and although a good game it's become stale very quickly! So i went back to B4 for a while,and again i was wanting something new!This had the free weekend,and on sale for half price..if you look in the right place's its much cheaper (legitimately)and i went ahead and rolled the diced..Now to the point!I've bought the game for multiplayer so my review is based on that!pros-games fun       -runs well          -fast paced           -no problem getting game of tdm if that's what you're into.            -it actually felt good to be back having a time out from cod and being back             -FUN  CONs-you do bump into 1 or 2 hackers(i just leave the lobby)           -if somebody is doing well whose noy a hacker,they will be branded a hacker!            -Now and then you get a micro stutter but i put this down to other people's connection's. Bottom line is,this is a very fun game if you can pick it up cheap(look around online)Don't be a sheep and follow everybody else saying cod suck blah blah...yes it does..they have cocked up,and become money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥s..but theres fun to be had here on the cheap,without activison getting little,to nothing!
This is the first Call Of Duty game that I have played, as a big scifi/space aficionado the setting was the thing that drew me in. It bought it purely for the campaign, and it was a really solid ten hours of quality scifi action. I liked it quite a lot, even though I'm more of a (A)RPG guy. Even the space fighter combat was pretty fun in spite of it being really simplified (coming from someone who has 600+ hours of space piloting in Elite: Dangerous).  On the technical side, I had zero problems and the game ran smoothly with a constant 60 FPS on max settings at 2560x1440 with i7-6700K & GTX 1070. The game looks really nice and the animation is really good. Definitely one of the best looking games to date.If you like Mass Effect, you're going the feel right at home here.
Very good game!
Stop hating on this game so much, EVERYONE! ITS A GOOD ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! IT WORKS PERFECTLY FINE FOR PC...I HAVE HAD NO ISSUES. ZOMBIES IS GREAT, MULTIPLAYER IS GOOD...NO PROBLEMSJUST TAKE A CHILL PILL COD COMMUNITY
You've read the reviews. I don't feel a big need to contribute to the specifics of what has already been said about this game. The truth is, it probably would have been all around well regarded if Call of Duty wasn't in the title. The same could also be said for the past few Call of Duty releases.
Alright game
Pretty fun game. The graphics are not good though. But overall I think Infinityward could have done alot better.
very fun
First time I started playing this game I really enjoyed it.After 7 hours it wasn't that awesome or shocking anymore but that is a very good game.I don't know the multiplay issues that made people to make bad reviews about but I can easily recommend single player.
9.5/10 a fair game but exo suits need to be removed.But its a good game after all and vey enjoyable with friends.And I got to try the game for free for 8 hours.Please send a copy for free :P
Since I am mostly single player gamer I will rate only campaign.It felt like mix of 30% COD, 40% Titanfall and 30% Star Wars.As I write it it costs only around 12euros so it really is a bargain.I think it was pretty solid and this game does not deserve so much hate. Main story was fun, side missions also. Yes it is COD in space so if you do not like the setting why buy it. But if you do, compared to the negative feedback of community it is still pretty solid game.Campaign 8,5/10
Amazing
I picked it up for £9.44. I'm not the biggest COD fan, but I don't regret the purchase at that price. The campaign is pretty standard for COD, ignoring the new, non-linear progression. The multiplayer is pretty much Black Ops III with different guns.It's fine.
DISCLAIMER: Hello this review is entirley based on my Multiplayer expierience. (Also I spent 20 Bucks to get it keep that in mind)And Im shocked at how good it turned out to be. Sure some stuff is slightly annoying but overall I like the jumping / sliding in the game it isn't over the top like in CoD:AW and it doesn't feel like on chains like in BO3. The only thing that bugs me out a little bit is this supply drop bs and the Mark II weapons although I don't have anything against the Idea of Mark II weapons but Its a bit annoying that they give the XP benefit so you automatically play them even if you don't like the weapon as a whole.Altough I wouldn't recommend to get this game if you only have 2GB's of VRAM (If you have a NVIDIA Graphics card you can tweak the settings so it runs on 90 FPS on a 2gig VRAM card)Also there is a common bug which seems to occur very often, it doesn't allow you to connect to game lobbys anymore and always pops up an error message. This can be fixed by closing the game and clicking on "validate game files" under the Properties menu.
hehehe i like the campaign mostly cause am a big fan of game of thrones so am so excited theres kit harington
Next game, Call of Duty Stick Warfare.You all wanted it to be in the past......
Iunno, I like it!But then again, I just play zombie stuff and the single player campaign.And I barely played any other CoD before this, so I cannot really rage over "lost functionality" or whatever.The weapons are all futuristic versions of existing guns (more or less), which is pretty fun.No crashes, steady 60+ fps, lovely graphics. On the downside, uhhhhh, anti-gravity grenades. That's just stupid.If you mostly want to play the MP part, I cannot give any proper review yet, as I didn't really try it.I bought the game for approx. $12, and at that price it's great bang for the buck.
We were so excited to play this game this weekend.  As uber fans of BOPS III on PS4, we were stoked about our first purchase of COD on PC-Stream.  Wow - it was on sale - how fortunate.  Well until we played, that is,Hacking has run amuck on PC and cheaters gonna cheat are more blatant and openly proud in admitting they cheat "Go ahead report me.  I'll just get another account and do what I want; I can afford it!" One said during our first hour of game play.  Wow,  just wow,So as for the game - great game. It combines the best of AW and BOPS III - love the addition of th Rigs and new layout.  As for it being playable - nope.  You can't even get a domination match b cause o lay team death matches populate because of such a low population of players.  And how likely would it be on PS4 to run into the SAME hacker you reported - not likely but I did on Steam - same guy who headshot Simone 17 times in a row (only headshot kills ever) and he is in the game still.  Totally ruins the game for any decent game in the Steam Community.Kudos to Steam though for refunding both copies.   We appreciate it but there needs to be some control somehow - who knows how it will happen but until it does it's a horrible experience.
Call Of Booty: Return Of The Booty
+
The game is free for the weekend, but yet it's only mulitplayer and there is no one even playing multiplayer. Atleast what I could have found. But I just want the game for zombies and campaign but yet there is no demo for niether of them and I really don't want to risk my money on buying it. They have a really good idea here. but it just got a lot of hate when they didn't even give it a chance. I want to give it a chance. But I need zombies and campaign atleast. I don't care much for mp to be honest.
I will never understand the big hate for this game!Multiplayer is the only thing I am playing and I find it to be really good, but people say otherwise. There are a minimum to none cheaters, everything feels smooth and the servers are fine too, at least better than Siege ones, but only a few people hate Siege service.Don't make a negative review if you are in the bandwagon of hate, or just being bad at shooting. Make a real statement why you dislike this game. This game is far better than any other futuristic CoD I have played.People should finally appreciate this game and play it, so the player base can raise up. If it doesn't, at least we will have a new game soon.
loved this game, so far only an hour in on the freeplay weekend and it has been great to play!
this is just as good if not better than any other call of duty game, all the hate is completely bandwagon
I love this game so much this is my 14th copy of the game !!
nice campaign , runs well
Ethan Best ♥♥♥♥ing Char that u can have as a Brother! i know ppl was burning this game alive even me... but got clearance sale  bought it...played it then i saw this char ... Ethan the Robot dude... You're Like a Brother to me ... TRUE HERO!!! Campaign was GREAT! not the MMP type dude,but the story line was GOOD,For that... u Have my thanx! u could have been so more but the price from back then killed it for me...
Awesome game, Love the Zombies
Honestly don't know why theres so much hate, but I've been enjoying all game modes of Infinite Warfare. Worth my money though.
Amazing game that suffers from a tiny playerbase that makes it so you can only play tdm+dom and sometimes the weekly gamemodes. It was so bad that i purchased the game+seasonpass on xbox one to play the entire game. Would only recomend this on pc for zombie fans and people who dont mind only domination and tdm.
AWSOME GAME!!!
I bought Infinite Warefare for $29 today 5-19-2017 and i have 3.5hours clocked according to Steam. Now I was quite afraid to get this game on PC because of all the bad reviews about bad perfomance and this and that and also with the big 70GB download file size. But because of the free weekend thing (Multiplayer ONLY) I decided to download the game and see if my PC could handle it. First my PC set up:i7 4790K 4.0 GHZ (4.4ghz OC)Asus VG248 144hz 1ms monitorMSI GTX 970 (the card that ACTUALLY has 4GB of VRam)Z97 Gaming 5 Motherboard. 24GB of vengeance ramAnd Windows 10 64bit (with all the latest drivers and updated NVIDIA drivers)Now for my little review:The frame rate I got for Multiplayer was always around 85 to 95FPS (mostly 91FPS) and only a few times did the frame rate dip to around 40-50FPS at times when things got really crazy on screen with the action and stuff but that was ONLY a few times. 98% of the time for me I always got around 90 or so FPS. And the game never once stuttered. Never once crashed on me. Never once gave me ANY issues. And i got into multiplayer matches VERY fast. I was a bit surprised actually.  ALOT of people HATE the sci fi setting and futuristic setting and I respect how they feel but i LOVE the futuristic stuff i get a kick out of it. The zombies part I LOOOVED that a lot. Even as a solo player I LOVED how amazing the graphics looked and how much fun I was having. VERY VERY happy I made the purchase. Im so sorry to hear about those who are having so many issues. I guess im just a lucky PC gamer i dont know. But Im very much enjoying the game quite a bit. Also the campaign is a hell of fun for me. Again NO crashes NO stuttering NO frame rate drops. I get around 80-100 FPS depending on whats going on. But no issues at all with my system, And i only paid $29 for this game which is awesome. Anyways if ANYONE wants to comment on my review or ask questions feel free to.
Not That Bad Of A Game Really Once You Get Passed All The Hitmarkers And Space Boost Jumping
If you have brought the game thatI suggest putting this game into an SSD or a set of raid0 with traditional HDDs.So far, as a game experience to me that it's OK or not so bad.My PC arrangement:amd fx-835016g ram2 of 2.5 HDDs with raid0r9-280x with 6g vramJust enjoy the content of the game!
I am REALLY having fun with this game! I had low expectations, and when I seen it on sale I purchased it. It's really fun, the hate for this game is unfounded for sure..
It's actually a good game, it's problem is that it is called 'Call of Duty' when it really isn't a Call of Duty game.  Wall Running feels like it was forced in last minute, and wasn't meant for the game, which puts a damper on the quality of multiplayer, but it is still a fun game.  I do feel that since this is so different than normal Call of Duty games, having a small amount of shields would have been interesting, or perhaps just increased health but no regen.  Zombies is solid as always, but still not as good as Treyarchs, and over all it seems like a fine game, that got the shaft because of it's name.  Not amazing, but not bad by any means.  It's kinda sad that it went to waste, but at least it got us a new WWII COD game.
Its definetly better then i expected, all these people hating so much, i think this game is better then BO3 tbh.
Just totally surprisedFor a Call of duty game its actually alright, I know people gave this game hate because it wasn't the boots on the ground experience they wanted, instead IW made one of the best Call of Duty games I've ever played the campaign was beautiful with awesome cinematics and gameplay to back it up, the characters were three-dimensional in their own right adding a sense of attachment to them and their cause. for a Call of Duty campaign, this felt different to the others but in a good way. The online mode was actually pretty fun to play, although it was pretty hard adjusting to mouse and keyboard instead of a controller, it was fairly easy to get the hang of after a while. For those who are considering to buy this game I'd  strongly recommend it as it is one of the best Call of Duty games I've played, if you look past the boost jumps and futuristic crap and compare the overall product to other Call of Duty games you'll see that it's different but in a good way.
this game isnt even bad well besides the spacejumps why do  people act like it is unplayable
BAD
Takes time to get aquaited with the game, once you get into the story line it actually becomes a intresting game.Multiplayer could be better.
To be honest this game may not be the best cod game ever but its fun to play and im having more fun than past 3 cod games that were released
This game is way too much fun. Not like Call of Duty, but a ton of fun.Also, to all the people complaining about crashes, your PC may suck or your OS outdated. Maybe I'm right, maybe I'm not.
Not so bad. I was having fun and thats what counts.
oh boy lets get on the hate trainall jokes aside its actually not that bad... now its not the best game out there but byfar from the worst and considering the devs toke a chance and saw that we dont really wants this and the amount of trash reviews looking for attention is pretty sad its a free weekend atleast try it
Decent game, not worth full price but whtever
The Campaing is among the series best, no, i am not kidding, it really is that good.it has good characters, a good pace, it even has side missions to do, completely optional but extremly fun and varied, the space sections are really good too. i really liked it.However Multiplayer is a F*cking MESS.Multiplayer is pay to win, ARE YOU SERIOUS?? THE GAME ALREADY COSTS 60$ WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU?It sucks, every match is filled with the same OP players that have the best equipment (and big pockets). The balancing is stupidly broken, seriously a rocket launcher that can't kill in 1 hit, SMG that kill in 2 hits... it's broken as hell, stay far away from it.The connectivity is also pretty ♥♥♥♥ing bad to be honest.At First i thought that Zombies were a complete MESS, however, after playing it for hours and looking up online for strategies and the like i ended up discovering that's a lot of fun, while it shares some similarites with Treyarch's zombies, it has enough variety to be differnent.my only issue is that only 1 map for the base game is really not enough to justify the asking price, it leaves you wanting more. (which you'll have to pay, something that i am not willing to do.)I Would suggest to pick it of for 15 dollars or less, just don't play multiplayer, Zombies are pretty fun with friends, and the campaing really is the high point of this game, for me they did 2 out of 3 things right, sadly, multiplayer really is among the series worst, just like this games reputation.
Undeservedly hated,  attempts to go on a different path than its predecessors, only to find the blind and albeit partially deserved prejudice of the community.As always, my experience reflects the singleplayer campaign and nothing more.So this is the last Call of Duty game (for now) on my amazing journey through the franchise. When the trailer released last year, I saw it and thought to myself: . Well the community and other gamers managed to make a record last year with Infinite Warfare, by having the trailer of the game being the most disliked video of 2016. Wow, that is actually impressive and kinda sad at the same time.I was cautious to buy the game. Did really this installment on one of my favourite gaming franchises reached the absolute lowest point? Has it really become that terrible? .I've been playing and loving Call of Duty ever since 2004. I loved the campaigns, loved the music, loved that summer-cheesy-blockbuster feeling you got for 6-7 hours, with awesome soundtracks and high octane action. The series evolved over the years. WW2 was scrapped for current and futuristic settings. Characters were developed (for the most part), stories become crazier (not always a good thing), but apparently this was the straw that broke the camel's back for the community.And you know what? It's a damn shame. Cause underneath all that blind hatred, lies one of the  and most emotional campaigns in the history of the franchise ever. With  actual character development,  (for some parts) gameplay,  vehicle combat and as always tons of action, weaponry, gadgets to use against the horde of enemies who come at you.I'm gonna start with graphics and say that this is absolutely stunning. Infinite Warfare is such a pleasure to the eye that I found myself exploring every nook and cranny of the game, being awed by the gorgeous graphics and post-processing effects and amazing sound. The game also gave me no hitches and stuttering and was actually insanely smooth on ULTRA settings. Gameplay is where Infinite Warfare dared to make a change and boy did it actually work. First of all, as the player you'll have access to your very own destroyer spaceship and that's pretty awesome in itself. From there you can select optional missions and jackal operations. Jackal is your spacefighter and the missions are essentially dogfights amongst the 'stars'. You might be thinking, hey isn't this an FPS game? Well it is but also you have these optional missions in which the game turns the formula of vehicle combat from the previous games, and actually improves upon it. The controls are so much better, albeit a little bit automated at times, there's a huge fun factor to the space dogfights and it's actually pretty beautiful to fly at super speeds through asteroid belts hunting down those SDF aces.Of course there's regular optional missions in which you board enemy destroyer and attempt to eliminate a HVT (high value target), steal schematics or rescue hostages. A couple of these are actually in outer space and these settings make for really interesting battlegrounds.As far as gadgets and weaponry go the game offers some really amazing things for you to have fun. Hacking modules allowing you to take control of enemy bots and initiate a self-destruct while their next to their friends, drones, instant foam walls to take cover, thermal scopes, anti-gravity grenades, seeker mines, double jumping, sliding and many more. I can't even remember the last time I had so much fun and felt so versatile in a Call of Duty game but Infinite Warfare has done it. The whole gameplay is so sublime that I was awe struck and perplexed from the universal panning of the game by the community.The story may be a tad cliche but it is done in a great way. Kit Harington (Game of Throne's Jon Snow) does an astounding job lending his face and voice to the main antagonist and captain of the  Rear Admiral Salen Kotch of the Settlement Defense Front. In the future where Earth has colonized Mars and other moons of the Solar System, the SDF act essentially as the enemy of the people of Earth. They are ruthless and relentless and you will feel actually incredible hatred towards them. The developers did an exceptional job into making characters that actually evoke emotions in the player.And what do you know, there's actual real character development in the game. So far as I'm going to say, it's by far one of the best I've ever seen in a CoD game, that it wasn't part of a trilogy (Modern Warfare). In combination with the spectacular cutscenes and in-game-engine events, along with non-linear elements such as reading personnel files on your PC on your ship, the many characters of Infinite Warfare expand well beyond whatever shallow supersoldiers who've come to expect from a Call of Duty game.And since some of us have a soft spot for robots, Ethan (E3N) was a pure delight to have aboard the crew. Make no mistake, this is not an RPG but there is lots of dialogue involved where characters become likeable or dislikable to the player.The game is also slightly longer than previous titles but it has a wonderful and sort of emotional ending when you put all the things in context.So where does Infinite Warfare fail? Well the dogfight mechanics do not leave too much room for anything beyond locking on a an enemy and pressing fire till they die, with the occasional countermeasure release. There are fun for the most part but do get a little boring towards the end. Thankfully there's not too much space combat to go about and some are optional anyway.Surprisingly my major disappointment was the game being short! As a CoD veteran, I should not really care. But you know what? The singleplayer is so good, the non-linear elements are there, that I was actually looking forward for  stuff to do. At times due to the brilliant settings of the mission, fighting in space, fighting against robots, all that futurism made me think I was playing Mass Effect FPS. I'm half joking but you know there's an air of something more than your average CoD game in Infinite Warfare.Which brings me to my final point. Infinite Warfare is probably the last futuristic installment on the franchise we're gonna see for a little while. With the upcoming release of Call of Duty:WW2, the franchise returns to its roots. It's both a good thing and a bad thing. Truth be told, you might be thinking that the WW2 environment has been done to death. And you'd be right. But at the same time, when was the last WW2 FPS you played? It's certainly been a while, right? Perhaps going for the 'safe' choice of going back to what made the franchise successful in the first place is what the community really wanted. It would certainly seem so from all the feedback this game received. And they would be right, but for the wrong reasons. I'm actually excited to see WW2 with modern graphics. But at the same time I'm also kinda disappointed that just where CoD was starting to spice things up with 'features' the community itself complained about for years, like non-linear gameplay, you have this very community shut the game down, quite unfairly. Again, I'm always talking about the singleplayer here, I have no interest in MP and the like.To cut a long story short, I'd say that if you're a real CoD fan, Infinite Warfare has one of the best campaigns I've ever played in the franchise. Yes I know, 'no true scotsman' and all, but for real, this was superbly done and the score it has on steam is in my opinion, utterly misrepresenting the great qualities in terms of gameplay, characters and fun the game has to offer to  FPS player. What the future holds for revisiting the WW2 in Call of Duty, well we shall wait and see.
The campaign isn't what I expected.  It is pretty enjoyable, and different from the "call of duty standard".  After the last update, however, I can't access any online services.  It keeps saying that the update needs me to restart the game, but it happens everytime I restart.  The store is the only thing that can give me a little bit of information.  It'll start downloading the update, but then freeze to a "update needs restart" screen.  After this gets fixed, it'll be playable again.  There aren't that many people in multiplayer, so I hope people really like tdm
if anyowne want this he or she can buy it
I play call of Duty games for their single-player, and Infinite Warfare's campaign is amazing. The best CoD campaign in years, in my opinion. We have a solid military science fiction story here. I actually came to care about its characters and setting (Nora Salter stands right beside Soap and Price as one of the most badass characters in the entire franchise), and the Retribution is an awesome ship. The mission on Titan is also one of the best the series has ever seen.GO RET !!!!! GO TIGRIS !!!!!
why so much hate
great game !
ZOMBIES = GOODMUTIPLAYER = HACKERS AND RAGE
Ps4 might have gotten Chronicler yesterday, But atleast we're finally getting Shaolin Shuffle. Checkmate PS4 players :,Diwannadierightnow
SP is arguably one of the best campaigns recently, Zombies in Spaceland is great fun. MP is ok I guess, smoother movement than BLOPS 3.
Its not such a bad gamegood storyZombies is Very goodMultiplayer is badDeserves a better rating
Its not such a bad gamegood storyZombies is Very goodMultiplayer is badDeserves a better rating
So, I'm going to start this off by stating that this if for the campaign only, because I gave up on Call of Duty MP way back with Ghosts.As for the campaign, what can I say?  It's Call of Duty.  The expected twists are there, the shooting is there....With the exception of the boost jumps and wall running, there's really nothing new added to the game.  Then again, with the fact they're putting out a new game every year (every 3 per developing studio), that's not really surprising.Ethan was an alright character, but as far as the characters on a whole, it really didn't jump out and say "ooh I must care about what happens to them", more like "well, I know you're going to die.Great that they can make these games look pretty, given they're given 3 years to work on them, so now how about working on, I don't know, maybe giving them some depth?  More character development other than "Hey, I'm here, care about me so when I die you might be affected by it"?Maybe in a minority on this, but I play most the games I do because I want to be entertained, and try and follow the story, and I wasn't bored to tears by it, but it's probably not one I'm going to go back to try and do all the side missions on it.  Probably won't even go back and play it again at all.The only reason I even got this was because I wanted MW Remastered, got it on sale, and managed to trade some things in so didn't even have to pay the full sale price, either, and even then it was barely worth the price of admission.But, I've only played theses since the original Modern Warfare, so what do I know?  Somehow, despite myself, even catching them onsale, I've still managed to acquire every CoD game since then.Only reason I'm putting recommended is because I can't do an in between, and as far as the actual game goes, it's not horrible, just not something I would rush out to play the day it came out (which I haven't done with a Call of Duty game in many, many years).
Even though the game isn't really the best COD and is getting a lot of hate i personally enjoy it and recommend it.
{great game} on pc amazing graphics, really pops out at you solid, more people = more fun>>>soo come join in guys ^^abit of critical info game wont run without 2gb video card or better so dont even try it!!Processor: Intel Core i3-3225 @ 3.30GHz or equivalentMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 2GB / AMD Radeon HD 7850 2GBDirectX: Version 11Network: Broadband Internet connectionStorage: 70 GB available space
Not a big fan of multiplay (I suck♥♥♥♥♥at multiplayer) but the campaign for this is surprisingly good.
niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
team fortress 2
The game isn't too bad but the community is dead+Campaign is good+Zombies is fun-Multiplayer is terrible-Barely anyone on+Always wanted to fly ships in a cod
I used to dislike this game and follow the hate trend when the Infinite Warfare trailer released...I hate it before I even give it a try. I was 100% WRONG !!!The game campaign is actually very good compare to the previous futuristic COD. Buy this for the campagin only, do not buy it for multiplayer. Get this game when it on Sale, i do not think paying full price is worth the money tho. Ps: The Modern Warfare Remasted version is 10/10. Love the old time :)
Honestly, This is one of the best campaigns I have ever played, Believe me I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at Activision too for going more futuristic again, BUT that being said, They really outdone themselves here with good characters, good and well presented story, You feel all the emotions of all well acted characters. It's a shame this game is getting alot of hate because of marketing reasons, cause I really want Activision to know that this was a VERY AWESOME Campaign.
I'm not big on multiplayer, so I bought this for the single player. This game is a lot of fun! I can't comment on the multiplayer, but as a single player experience you could do a lot worse.
Campaign was good, but it's only take 6 hour to finish it.
ZOMBIES!
Picked it up for like 13 euros and I'm having so much fun in the campaign. Haven't tried multiplayer yet  but anyway, I think that it's worth it for that price
PLEASE FIX ZOMBIE BOUNTY. I CANNOT GET A REWARD AFTER COMPLETION !!!
Great game, awesome campaign and excellent multiplayer. This game is underrated because is a "copy" of black ops 3. Thid game needs the fame it deserves. Infinite warfare you did a good job.
Great game, awesome campaign and excellent multiplayer. This game is underrated because is a "copy" of black ops 3. Thid game needs the fame it deserves. Infinite warfare you did a good job.
When they finally went to space, fans started to be afraid of aliens!!!... so they wanted back on Earth, in the arms of their mums, enjoying to play a century old conflict that has been turned on all sides by now. There will be nothing majorly new in the COD WWII game, but there was great potential in Infinite Warfare...It is a real shame that, like someone else already said in a different review, the community killed this game. I agree completely. I've played the Modern Warfare 1-3, but I didn't enjoy the story and presentation. I enjoyed Black Ops 1 more than 2, but they still didn't quite hit a chord with me.Advanced Warfare is when I started to feel so much joy in playing the COD games because the story, presentation and game mechanics really resonated with me. With Black Ops III, once I did understand the complex story (shame on those who dismissed BO3 for its "bad story"), I fell in love with the direction that the COD games were taking. I felt they were becoming more distinguished, more refined, establishing an interesting universe on which it could build on.And so they did, Infinite Warfare is in my opinion the MASTERPIECE of all the COD games. Better frames per second than most other COD games, even on my laptop. But the best part of this game is the story and the game mechanics. It is interesting, fresh, distinct and well acted.Shame on the COD fans with no taste!!! Infinite Warfare is an awesome game and I am saddened by the "returning to the roots" attitude that they wanted, because in a world of remasters and recycled stories, Infinite Warfare was new, maybe so new that these "upset" fans couldn't handle it. Let Battlefield 1 be what it is, because Activision/Infinity Ward had enough creativity to make their space setting feel unique.Real shame and I hope COD games will soon return to the setting that Advanced Warfare, Black Ops III and Infinite Warfare have taken !!!
Very well executed campaign mode. Loved the space setting. Ea(3)n made me smile.
Campaign is good and I'm not much of a multiplayer guy when it comes to COD (no hard feels ayyy), I liked the zombies mode and personally prefer sci fi and futuristic games compared to "boots on the ground" but be aware of the optimization issues, this game has some severe memory related issues and I'd say it's not the best port among COD games sofar.
Love the campaign. Hate the multiplayer.
great game the multiplayer sucks though i really like the zombies game mode its quite inovative
I only played the single player campaign (and have no interest in the multiplayer), so my recommendation goes to those who are looking for a good FPS set in a space marine background. And that is exactly what you get. It's an epic story, lots of herodom and hurrah, lots of weapons and bravado. Exactly what you expect. Animation and acting is top notch, graphics are very pretty, controls are good enough for the most part. I must say I really, really enjoyed the campaign, it's basically are very decent scifi action film.What's not so great are the space battles, the flight controls are more like baby's first spaceship, and the dogfight missions are more tedious than fun. But those are made up by some pretty fine ground battles and large levels.I bought the game on a sale, so take that into account. For its original price I would not recommend it. For anything under 20$, IF you are into single player campaigns, definitely get it. Lots of fun.
Doesn't deserve all the hate at all. Not as good as previous COD games like the modern warfare and black ops series, but not bad either. Really enjoyed the campaign and even the multiplayer and zombies mode as wel. Buy it in a sale tho
Everyone loves to hate advanced movement systems but I enjoyed this game the multiplayer while it was not populated it was fun. The zombies mode was refreshing and the campaign was cool.
CoD: I.W. is a good & fun game that is the most successful title of 2017 because it does a few things, & does them well. The action is tight & fairly thoroughly scripted. Dave Stohl, lead developer at Infinity Ward of this temporary project, must be very very proud of the work of the team on the game! The online play is well-structured. The singleplayer campaign gets you into that frame of mind & gets your blood pumping. This version of CoD has a sci-fi take on things that I enjoy, as I'm a fan of the Metro 2033 franchise & Doom franchise, also sci-fi in nature. Batman, too, but I guess that's not really sci-fi but more of a "hero fantasy" thing, I suppose. Without a shred of doubt I can say that Jacob Minkoff, lead developer of the CoD: IW temp work project, is very impressed with himself as far as how successful the game has been. Locations: The main character hangs out on a spaceship in a room with a bed & a computer between missions. He chooses his expensive spacesuit & semiautomatic weapon there. Then he is brought to places on different planets & completes temporary projects where there is a specific goal: to take a hostage out or to kill an enemy or perhaps regain control of a base. A national & international news corrospondent is included as a member of the group.Novelties: There is a thing that is new to this series that is very well done. The jet flying is AMAZING. You play several levels where you take control of a fighter jet, sort of like a TIE-fighter, and engage in firefights in outer space!!  If you have read a lot of military sci-fi books as a kid, CoD: IW is like a dream come to life. It's fantastically well done. I have read the whole "Ender's Game" series of books, and the "Dune" series, and that seems like something straight out of that lexicon. What I encountered of the flying was in the singleplayer portion of the campaign, & was not a multiplayer option, I'm sad to report.If you play a ton of FPS video games, you have a fairly specific vision of what constitutes good multiplayer, & CoD is IT! Years ago, the Unreal Tournament franchise sort of fit into that "AAA Big-Budget Blockbuster" slot, especially UT2004, & that was pretty fun if basically mindless free-for-all combat. That's OK, I get the idea that plenty of folks like that. The Battlefield & CS franchises I see as "not-quite-as-polished as CoD but still pretty good," & there is space for that in the market, for sure. VR games, I don't think so, no offense to the no doubt die-hard VR fans out there in the wilderness. Just too "gadget-y" at this point in timeNegatives: The double-jumping is irritating & gives the gameplay more of a comic-book feel rather than a mostly-realistic FPS experience that you can believe in. Basically there ends up being a lot of people jumping around super high in the sky, which just seems improbable. I understand that it is a fake video game world, so you have a suspension of disbelief & you are taking their rules at face value & just rolling with it. Still hard to believe in flying soldiers with no jet packs in sight. That kind of takes me out of the action a bit & makes me go,  In Crysis 2, which is fairly similar in terms of style & look & feel & so forth, there wasn't any of the "sky-jumping," even though there was some pretty weird weapons & some pretty wild costumes & definitely there were conflicts that were going on.Final Take: 8/10 stars, the sci-fi style is something new, & the action is still good otherwise. They play it safe as far as variety of gameplay modes goes but that is ok enough I suppose. The zero-gravity warfare is something new and you feel sort of like an army astronaut. Visiting a relative in New York City at the moment, the big Apple![edit] on a sad note, I've since deleted CoD: IW & have moved on to spending my spare time playing the video game RAGE, purchased in the summer 2017 STEAM sale
Honestly, I love this game. I assume the hate comes from multiplayer being trash, and I get that. The only reason I got this game was for the zombies. And it is personally the best zombies mode I've ever played. ( I don't like multiplayer ) The zombies in this game is unique, And the first where I've gotten close to doing the Easter Egg on. If you're going to get this cod for the multiplayer, think twice.
Prolly the 2nd best Cod. best zombi mod (even doh only 1map:-(),
Great if you want a 10-ish hour sci-fi action romp with the campaign. I can't comment on the multiplayer, though.
the game doesn't deserve the negativity it gets, sure its not your atypical Call of Duty, but its still pretty solid in quality to what you'd expect from a normal Call of Duty. The singpleplayer is fine, its what you'd expect from CoD. The Multiplayer while fun simply cant connect to hardly any games (due to lack of actual playes...try Hardcore TDM that usually has the most traffic). Zombies mode at its heart is still zombies mode, but with a more goofy exterior (it has the same connection issue as the multiplayer due to lack of players. All-in-all I would say if your going to purchase it, purchase it for console as that is where the majority of players are going to be.
To start off I will say I won't defy the hate this game get's, it is very similar to B03 and this is because I pesonally believe they put all their focus mainly on the campaign and zombies sections of this game.  Now the game itself Infinite Warfare is mostly solid, the zombies mode and campaign is easily the best in years.  Regarding Black Ops 3 zombies: This to me at least felt like you needed to do too much BS just to get to the Pack A Punch (This is where you upgrade your weapon in zombies), such as going to one area having to do certain tasks then finally being able to go to where the Pack A Punch was located. So how did Infinity Ward do it? They made their zombies mode a mixture of easer eggs for the diehard zombies player or new tryhard kind of player who wanted more then just surviving. But they also have made pack a punch easier while still keeping that slight challenge where you have to have to collect things to pack a punch. This is a great system for the zombies player whether their new or experienced as both kinds of players can do this without stressing out or quiting. What makes Infinite Warfare's zombies mode so fun to me is a mixture of things such as we finally have what I personally always wanted movie themed maps with completely different settings each time. Such as the first map no. 1 "Zombies in Spaceland" being set in a theme park with clowns as the mini event scene at 5 or 6 and then the boss scene at no. 9 or 10, (fyi Infinite Warfare does not call progression rounds or waves but scenes as it's movies oriented) and then you have map no.2 "Rave In The Redwoods which is a cool rock concert kind of place that has yeti's as the mini event and no particular forced boss like in the first map. This might seem disappointing to some or not hard enough but it works better by giving the player breathing room as well as figuring out where the photos are located to craft the boat that will take you to the pack a punch island. It so far is quite easily the biggest zombie map in Infinite Warfare but as I play on both console and PC I already know that the next map DLC map 2 Shaolin Shuffle is awesome and has yet again different music as well as it's event scene and spin on what people have come to expect with things such as wonder weapons. Now wonder weapons are a cool concept in Call Of Duty zombies, what they are exactly is something you usually have to work very hard for to get but once you get them their powerful and rewarding. In Zombies in Spaceland you had alien guns but like I said they were a good challenge to go for if you wanted that something more to work for. In Rave in The Redwoods you have this cool crossbow called Vlad and it is much easier to go for, by simply going to the pack a punch island and grabbing the sausages (yes that is no joke) from the bathroom near the pack a punch projector you would then almost feed certain mounted deer around the map following by then killing them. Anyways what I liked about this was once you did that it wasn't much more work to then get the upgraded version of the crossbow which was great. As for the incoming map for PC and Xbox Shaolin Shuffle the developers decided to change things again, and no not just the map or music but by adding actual awsome kung foo abilities which you could upgrade from challenges the best part of this was what I touched on about earlier, this map very much catered towards both new/casual players or pro players as you still had stuff like easter eggs but you had more cool stuff to do for the other players. Needless to say it was/is awesome this is by far the best zombies mode Call Of Duty has ever done it doesn't have a difficulty curve like Black Ops 2 and especially Black Ops 3 had. Which therefore gives you this more not holy hell difficulty but at the same time not a too easy difficulty. Mark my words if you think it's a joke get to scene 20 and you may well learn that it has both difficulty but actually still knows what fun is. On to the Campaign let me start by stating in my personal opinion this is my favourite call of duty campaign ever, it has difficulty, it has real true emotion and although it may have some really depressing parts it also has these incredible moments where you just are in awe. The characters are all very much diverse which I am glad Infinity Ward did having different races in the game makes it feel more real. This is your ship you choose where to go partially such as small side misisons that would give you bonuses for your sweetâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥jackal space jet or weaspons. The hub very much seemed like Mass Effect which is great that they tried to do something similar (but sadly not near the same detail) to that, if only the Call Of Duty development teams could make their games actually be more like this. As having actual control such as being able to choose missions and just wealk around my ship was great I just feel at the same time it could have had so much more if they had more time. The way you would pick your loadout was fantastic and I sadly wish multiplayer had something like that, the side missions although not large were still great fun to do for something else, as for the mains story it was truly epic and emotional. I won't spoil it for anyone who has yet to play it but it truly was something that I felt was unexpected for Call Of Duty campaign's. It's just like I said they need more of that do what you actually want to do kind of thing in the call of duty campaigns as it was a good start but maybe actually go crazy next time, as great as it was there were the typical limitaions one comes to expect in this franchise which saddens me. A last note for those curious Kit Harington was a good villain but he needed to be in it more I felt. The character you played was great just like your best friend was, very much  superb as I hoped. On to Multiplayer now the hardest thing that breaks my heart. I'm going to state that I very much felt like with the effort the other two modes had being zombies and campaign I feel if the call of duty development teams such as the one that made this game being Infinity Ward had more time, like another year multiplayer could have been better then it turned out being. Which is why I believe Activision need to have another team that makes new projects or work on things such as the call of duty franchise, then each studio has 4 years which to me is the sweet spot for games such as these. I do realise that gets expensive. Multiplayer:You pick a robot like character it looked like, you have special weapons and abilities which is not call of duty like in the slightest and as the same with B03 I disliked it. There are weapon variants which I do actually like that give your weapon more options and yes this system was improved much since AW, their supply drop/Quatermaster system just needed more work. But there is very little customization, for those who played Advanced Warfare it was great but has been terrible since Black Ops 3. The weapons and maps are the only good things about this multiplayer as apart from that I didn't have much fun playing the mode sadly. Weapon choice I can definately was like AW in the regard you had fresh new weapons and the old classics such as a future AK-47, Ak74u, M4A1,other SMG'S as well as other great choices such as new energy based and balistic based ones like the Mauler. It definately was nice to have free dlc weapons that for those without the season pass you just had to do a challenge to unlokc them which I hope is a feature added to future COD games. Maps were beautifly designed and are fantasic to which worked greatly, I just wish they kept events for maps like COD ghosts had as it would have helped sales.
2012 to 2016: Call of Duty : It's just a name.
My first "futuristic" cod and I gotta say I like this a lot, ofc there are some downsides on the multiplayer but story was great
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is definietly one of my favorite Call of Duty games. I am a sucker for sci-fi games, and I gotta say this game is really fun.The multiplayer is really fun, fast-paced action with a lot of ways you can customize your play-style. Althought I really dislike the sniper rifles, they just seem odd to me. You can do missions that give you some rewards and they aren't even that hard. The cons about the multiplayer tho is that not a lot of people are playing it, leading to a long search time.Performance wise this game runs decent. The only thing that is bugged is the FOV option. It is not optimised and tweaked well, when you start a map the camera will go through the walls and it doesn't show a big problem, it just triggers your OCD.The campaign I have yet to play, but I have heard from some people it is pretty good. I will update this review when I finish the campaign.
A well done campaign. Zombies are decent. Multiplayer is OK. TDM is the only online mode you will be able to find populated, aside from that there are random FPS drops and some texture glitches, but i only found this in the multiplayer. Haters gonna hate, but i definitely found myself enjoying this one. If it goes on sale and you got some extra dough, try out the campaign.
Took a while for me to get my head around the concept.  Love it now but i mainly play Zomibes In Spaceland 8/10
'Nuff said
y75e
The performance is pretty good, the game is not pay to win, unlike BO3 where you can only get weapons from Supply drops. Season pass holders get most guns for free (not variants). Resolution scaling works fine, performance is good (i7 7700HQ and 1050Ti with OC) with most settings on high, but the anti cheat is horrible and the playerbase is so small. The game itself is good, gun balance is fixed, most maps are good but the media and all those Youtubers literally killed this game. Positive side is that you can buy this game for 11/12 euro's (you know where).They keep adding new content, like new gun variants and scorestreak variants, which you can obtain by grinding and playing the game.
This game is AMAZING!  i played the story mode and i actually felt some attachment to the charecters! And it's multiplayer fun at times but it's still great! everyday i wake up thinking hm what should i play today? and then i think infinte warfare! sounds good! Story mode is a blast! and SPOILER ALERT Ethan is funny hes cool and salter and the ships so cool 9\10
This game really is amazing with my favorite campagin out of any COD but unfortunetly was released at the wrong time.
Has Call of Duty gone too far?
Has Call of Duty gone too far?
I hate to say it but.This game actually is good.Zombies is fantastic with an awesome storyline.Campaign is your standard future war but in space.Multiplayer is just about killing and micro transactions.Any ways I just bought this game because my friend had it on xbox and he was playing Zombies in Spaceland.I was like is this Infinite Warfare he said yeah. I was like oh ok. I watched him for 30 minutes and i started to like the scenario and detail in the map. Zombies:You can level up weapons and level up your rank which is carried through multiplayer.Can get you keys way faster than multiplayer.Fun to play.Awesome music they had picked out (80s music because that is where it is set.)Loads of space to do tricks and stuff.Can slide to dodge zombies.
For me its a beautiful story-driven-action-FPS. everybody has its own opinion, but for me, its a great game. CODIW set in a future, it was not a wrong theme. It doesnt have to be WWI or II centered. Its a great game. I loved it.
i quite enjoyed storymode and cant play online cuz ppl themselves wants to keep community dead.ive no problem playing online if ppl join it.anyways, i enjoyed storymode as well as modernwarfare RM so simply thumbs up from my side.
Dead multiplayer....single player is interesting and a bit different which is nice, runs fine on a GTX980
The campaign is good, the zombies are amazing and the multiplayer is dead (but not the worst). This game doesn't deserve the hate it's getting and in my opinion it's a lot more fun than bf1 (and I bought bf1 before this). This game has one of the most fun zombie gamemodes so if you are a fan of zombies it's definently worth a shot. However I can't recommend anyone to pay full price for this. I'd say buy it when it's on sale or if you can get it cheaper somewhere else . I only paid 10 euros for this and for that price it's worth every cent. Only downside is that the dlcs can only be acquired through a season pass which costs 50 bucks and there's only 1 zombie map in the base game.... That being said, the zombie map is as I would say quite large and doesn't get boring too quickly.In short: Under-appreciated game with a very fun zombies gamemode and a good campaign.
having owning a copy on ps4 and being level 50 in zombies and 3rd prestige online i have to say the pc version is great it runs fine havnt seen one problem with the game yet allthough i did buy it later then sooner for a very cheap price in terms of full price nah get it on sale the playerbase sucks on pc but its fun none the less and im allways able to find games online even at all hours dlc wise i would proberly steer from this as the multiplayer maps are not gunna be much use due to the player base maybe getting for zombie map is worth it but i dont no if other peaple play the dlc zombies overall view i like this game on pc and if u can get in a cheap sale grab it i play this in 4k setting which makes it a hole lot more fun!!
Amazing game. One of the best shooters on PC. Ignore all the negative comments from frustrated kids who aren't happy about the multiplayer. Just buy this game in sake of great single player experience.
Actually really enjoy this game, Campaign is alright although i havn't played much and the multiplayer is really fun, downside being not a lot of people play on pc, but if you don't mind playing tdm you always find a game.
Just a quick summary:Story: OkayMultiplayer: SUCKS, get BO3Zombies: AWSOMEIn general I'd say its a good game... but €60 is way to muchGet it online for €15 that's worth it believe me!
I THINK ITS AWSOME!
This is was actually the first CoD I played since Black Ops - and I liked it! Might just be that the whole series between was bad. But ... I really cannot get the hate brewing around this title. Though I am not the typical Fanboy - no multiplayer, only campaign.
I bought it because lots of people really hate it.Plus 1980's themed zombies.Space battles wearing parachute pants and thin ties. All the stuff old men like me like.
Okay so every call of duty fan is expecting something new and we are as we play each call of duty that comes every year out but for ♥♥♥♥s sake give Activision, Treyarch , Infinity Ward, Sledgehammer games to breathe we got ghosts 2013 everybody was complaining about the game i as a matter of fact enjoyed it . 2014 we got AW they tried to step it up failed why because of the community 2015 BO3 again tried to step it up community didnt enjoy it as they never do 2016 IW solid game dont get the idea why so much hate oh thats why because every person copies hate from someone 2017 we are finaly getting WWII i hope you dont♥♥♥♥♥♥on it like you did on last umm 5 cods community And i am rating IW Positive because the game isnt wrong or anything
A very good game.
Game is pretty bad... not really that great... i don't like the fururistic style it just makes every part of the call of duty francise kinda blow away... overall modern warfare games were better
Can't get it why so many bad reviews appear down here.It has a solid campaign, good speakers (in english language) and entertaining multiplayer components. Also the controls feel great when fighting or moving on the maps.Regarding the story: Your protagonist is no silent puppet, which is still some stylistic flaw in some titles these days. This is very important for me when it comes to immersion and what destorys a entire game for me e.g. Dishonred.Compared to Black Ops 3 it only lacks at content when it comes to coop campaign features, cuz the campaign is single player only. If you liked the zombie campaign in BO3, it is also not present here. What is present is the Zombie Survival mode, most of us know and love / hate.This time it is set in a themepark and with Hass 2 da Hoff, lol. This does not just sound hilarious, it  is the most hilarious and crazy stuff I ever played. Just for the zombie mode I am thinking about buying the DLC experience. Weapons, gadgets, sounds, enemies are so funny and greatly implemented in this mode.If you like the future setting and jumppack features, you will like the game for sure. The campaign and its story are as usual for the franchise - a lot of breathtaking events in different levels. This time you got side missions, which feel more dynamic than the main story plot - these missions are optional beside the main story line...In PvP it feels like a slower version of Black Ops 3 to me. This doesn't have to be bad at all - for me the matches feel enjoyable and more beginner friendly compared to BO3. I played Modern Warfare 3 before buying this title and gameflow feels more enjoyable to me, especially because I like the wallrunning and jump pack feature.
This is a great game the space battles are cool and a new way to fight i don't know how it could be better
needs more players
I've put in roughly 115 hours of gameplay into this game.  Maybe 15-20 hours in the campaign and then the rest in zombies.  I've spent around 4 hours playing multiplayer.  SPOILERS:  The campaign was one of the best I have played since the Modern Warfare series.  Infinity Ward did an amazing job with the direction of the story.  Each mission felt like it had a significant impact towards the actual outcome of the war.  Each mission felt a bit different than the rest and had a twist inside each one.  The interaction between all of the characters resembled a real conversation and had fluidity.  Probably the most spine-chilling part of the dialogue is how true some of their conversations are...and later in the story you practically sense the emotions of all the crew as they understood their final mission would take their life in order to achieve victory.  I'm glad IW killed off some of the characters.  Due to the direction the story was heading, killing off characters added an extra sense of realism to the game.  The cinematic cutscenes were amazing in terms of graphics and stitching (seamless).  Which, compared to BO3, blew it out of the water entirely.  I'd say the most heartwrenching cinematic was when the player had to apply pressure to Kashima's chest after he was impaled by a metal plate.  The player felt Kashima's heart beat through the controller even when it slowed down and, eventually, stopped.  Huge round of applause to you, IW, for adding selectable character death messages in the credits.  This really struck home with me as I was able to fully understand each character's life at home.  I look forward to your next game for the campaign (massive campaign player).  Keep up the great work!I hate the multiplayer.  To me, if it's not a boots on the ground MP. then it's not for me.  MP has been dead for COD since Black Ops 1.  Hopefully the next game you make won't have jetpacks.  The zombies was an absolute blast.  I was never a huge easter egg type of player but started to get into it recently.  Going to visit BO2 and maybe BO3 to do all of the easter eggs.  Zombies in Spaceland had a great and unique feel because of the 80's theme.  The whole retro style was done beautifully.  The easter egg is pretty fun, besides the seti-coms, to run solo (finished in 19 rounds but started seti-coms round 4 and wanted to build points for boss fight).  Completed Rave in the Redwoods solo easter egg multiple times.  Love woodland/swamp maps because of Shi no Numa.  Have to work on Shaolin Shuffle now.If you get this game, then only play the campaign and zombies mode.  Keep your mind open.  Instead of looking at the theme of the game and criticizing it...try looking at the mechanics, combat system, idea and direction IW was trying to go with the game, and the story. Judge off of the implementation of coding, mechanics, and story creativity rather than the theme.  It's really a great game, but you have to give it a chance with an open mind.
this game is the best game i have ever played and the 1st cod game i have ever played
The time I have on this game is a glitch....I swear...
Solid gameplay and mechanics. Single player campaign is great. This is Call of Duty in space.(Note: due to the limited player count in the PC version of the game, purchasing this title without DLC may result in fewer available lobbies for multiplayer.)
good plz give me it
Zombies in Spaceland is AMAZING, lots of fun to be had! The campaign is also fun, but Multiplayer is dead and boring.I bought this only for Zombies and it was totally worth it in the end though!
Great Game. Don't know why people wan to get on hate train before even playing it.
not bad
Don't just disagree with this review because it's positive. I know many people do that. It's now how reviews are meant to be handled.This game seems to have entered a Catch 22. It doesn't have many players because of the negative reviews, but it has negative reviews because of the lack of players. The game itself is solid. The campaign is amazing and really fun. Multiplayer isn't superb, but the movement is a step up from Black Ops 3 in my opinion. The weapons sound like they pack a punch and feel a lot better than the ones in Black Ops 3, which quite frankly felt like paper weighted guns with no proper punch.I'd recommend you pick it up and play it. I've nearly put 100 hours into it and I've really enjoyed it a lot more than Black Ops 3 as it has a more of a darker scheme to it and less clowny and colourful than the previous CoD was.
I really liked the campaign. The side missions were pretty fun and different. I also enjoyed the Jackal missions. The only warning I have for you is dont lock the framerate, if you do, The cutscenes will freak out and the audio will desync. Or, atleast, they did for me. Also, now that it comes to mind, the characters were pretty cool too. Especially Ethan. Also I didnt play the multiplayer at all so this review is just for the campaign. I would have written a longer review because I did enjoy the game, but I feel its a fruitless effort since itll be covered up by a wave of negative.
Get it if you like Zombies.
This game is awesome! when it first came out i thought it was xtra gay because no cod points but when they added the cod's points and in game marketing transactions i became hard and decided to lets play the entire thing you can find my playlist on yt @theRadBrad but anyway this is a classic cod because it has advanced movement and i love thrusting in general its so fun to die in one shot to op weapon's like the nv4 which is a very balanced gun ! the claw should be a assaultrifle that is unlocked at master prestiege 30. and also i love the idea of getting MRW from this game only because that means that u have to have money and not be a poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i just love the multiplayer over all its sooooooooooooooo fun the hitmarkers are even better than bo3 and theres an even higher playerbase than advanced warfare on pc i think definetly frecommend buying it youll spend at least a couple hrs on it also get the digital deluxe ed because mwr is nice especially with supply drops and borken bottels!!! i hjave mwr on my alt acc find me @damnDanielonsteam al;so preorder the gamei f you can ~ is good!!!!!!!!!
I know this is not saying much but this game is great and if it had corssplay and the game had all eyes down for hackers it world have  much more to it if people could  get over this keyboard vs controller BS and just gave it a shot  :(
so much hate for this game but  infinity warfare is the best game in my top 3  second comes cod modern warfare 3 and after modern warfare  2
good man
It won't load the first mission, when i try it's just say that the game stopped working
One of the best CoD games, in my opinion...
The community itself is what killed Call of Duty, NOT this game, not any other games, it was purely us.To be quite honest, this game has been quite fun to play without the "tryhard" community.Okay wait, if you're all pissy right now because of the word "tryhard", take a breath and continue reading. This game has allowed me from previously being a "Zombies-Only" player in Call of Duty to now enjoying the multiplayer in the Call of Duty games due to practice against players of my skill level that don't spend their entire life in front of the screen. Or have been playing Call of Duty since Modern Warfare.I started in Black Ops 2 with a loved interest towards the zombies game mode which has since expanded greatly into what we wanted it to become in the franchise.This game reminds me a lot of Advanced Warfare mixed with Black Ops 3. Both of those games I loved due to the reasons stated above. Yes, Black Ops 3 had a large community, and advanced warfare didn't. The hate this community has created due to self-endulged reasoning, in other words, you're greedy as hell, is because you're not willing to just experience a game out of your own input. You crave and want more all of the time yet never actually give back to the game itself. Activision might sometimes milk money from you for extra things, but have always given us what we as a community have asked for: New things. Other games might not have taken place in space, but the core of every call of duty game is practically the same asides from the new exo-movement system that has allowed for many different fps styles within the past few years. We asked for this game and the devs are sitting there wondering why there game bombed. It's because of us, the community.Call of Duty is trying different things because this toxic community just thinks that they can ♥♥♥♥♥ about everything they want and get it. Well guess what? You wanted new things and you got it and you're still complaining about how it's not good enough.The thing is, that they're really trying to make us happy. Why do you think WW2 is coming out this year? You think they knew that Infinite warfare would crash and burn this badly and started making a WW2 game right after to make up for it? LOL it takes YEARS to make a Call of Duty game. They were planning this before Black Ops 3 was even released.Think about it this way... Any game can really be good depending on the way you look at it.For this game, these are my reasons why:The Campaign in this game is incredible and the detail and story to it is just fantastic.The Multiplayer is almost the exact same as Black Ops 3 and all of the maps are diverse and easy to find people on.The Zombies, although it's kind of geared for younger ages, is still very well done and fun to play with your friends. It might not be Treyarch quality, but it's still fun and that's what matters isn't it?So honestly, this game is exactly what people ask for.But, sadly this is what happened... This game blew up into a meme due to this Community we have become, and it's disgusting how people base what others think as their own opinion. People were making themselves multiple accounts on Youtube just to DISLIKE the video BEFORE the game even came out.I know many of you may not agree with this review, and quite frankly I could care less because this is not a review to hate on the community. It's a review to spark people's actual interests in this game and many to come on how to actually use your own knowledge to buy a game rather than listening to what everyone else is saying about it.It's plain and simple, if you dislike this game, then don't buy it and stop complaining about it.Me persoanlly, I would recommend If you want to give it a try to see what it's actually like, then buy it.It's not a bad game.
As a disclaimer, i have not tried the multiplayer nor do i think i need to. After just now finishing the campaign i'd wholeheartedly say that this is my favorite of the call of duty franchise as of yet if not one of my all time favorite games period. The campaign is far worth the 60 dollars, a very smart investment, even if not on sale. 10/10.
Buy it on sale to play zombies with friends.
Fun Game! You may want to disable the auto-update feature. I have slow internet and I never get to play this game because it always wants to make yet another 4-5GB update with takes about 5 hours.
Buy the game on offer, If it's your first cod game then it's worth it, If you already have a cod game buy it for the campaign.
Multiplayer gets boring after 5-6 hours. Maps are IMO way too small, support small number of players. Only thing good about them is that they are not camper-friendly.Singleplayer was very repititive, especially the space battles.Campaing was ok, was quite sattisfied how story ended.The only part of this game that I enjoyed was Zombie mode. I have no complaints about it. Map design and time in which maps are set are brilliant. Full of easter eggs, a lot of content. Very fun and challenging for many hours of gameplay.I bought this game for multiplayer but stayed for zombies....The only reason why I would recommend this game is zombie mode.
zombies is great. multiplayer is lackluster and feels very haloish imo. story is good. matchmaking sucks♥♥♥♥♥ i got this game for 30 dollars on sale and it was worth it but i certainly wouldnt pay full price. honestly if matchmaking for game mode other than tdm were better the games value could be justified.
It is fun to play. But it should be called Call of Duty: Infinite Exo Jumps
it is good dont listen to everyone else they probably havent even played the game and their copying others opinion. i've played it on steam before and i have it on xbox and it is a very good game. everyone that thinks that this game is bad is wrong and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
This game gets so much crap. Overall the campaign is so long and not extremely good but hey nobody bought call of duty for the story since BO1. Zombie maps and multiplayer is so fun. 8/10 in my books
Star Wars-y, Crysis-y, Killzon-ish, Shattered Horizon-ish, but still Call Of Duty. All the goodies in another installment of the franchise. Having played only Single Player (won't bother Multi) I feel satisfied. Although the scenario and story was extra futuristic, it was ok. Playing around planets, chasing Jon Snow, almost mounting an X-Wing with blasters, oh boy did I have some fun. Graphics great, voice acting good, controls fine, visual effects great. But will this CoD river never dry out ?... Mars Aeternum
Very nice game
Awesomeeee!!!! Gore!!!
It's not as bad as you think. The zombies game mode is actually entertaining, though the multiplayer isn't that good with a lot of game breaking weapons that you have to get by opening "drops" with keys, which are limited. (you can buy more for real life money) The hate train is strong on this game, everyone seems to hate on it just to be "cool" and be like everyone else. Still, it's not worth €59.99 maybe around €39.99 at most.
Despite all the beautiful hate that this game got, I will mark my opinion:- Story is well written and while going thorough the story, you will smile, say F YEA!, get angry and so on. In all the CoD's that I played for the story, this one was top notch. I cried a bit, sorreh X_X.- Game ran smoothly than others to be fair, but sometimes you might get hiccups and small frame drops. I am talking about running the game at its maximum settings.- Combat was nice, nice weapons, nice tools, nice gadgets.- Multiplayer is focking daed maet.- If you plan to buy this, I will say wait for sale, like I did. Not worth to get it for the multiplayer, just if you're interested in the storyline.- Well I always wanted to pilot ships in space :3- About 10 hours of campaign walkthorough.- GOD DAMN ETHAN SMART SON OF A B****! xD.- And again, don't get it for multiplayer, it is dead as Steam in Tuesday nights.
The Campaign was pretty damn good.
I really do like this game. My only problem is that there's not nearly enough players, presumably because of the hugely negative reviews and people assuming it's because the game is actually bad, when in actuality like half of those reviews are (ironically) from people complaining about the playerbase being too small, contributing to the very problem.
This should be named Call of Duty: Infinite Supply Drops and DLC :D
i want to kill myself simulator
First off I want to say that I'm not a big CoD player, never have been. My interest in the series has only peaked very recently due to the sci-fi settings the series has moved towards and I do not extensively play the multiplayer. As such my review will focus mostly on the single-player elements.This game was a pleasant surprise for me, the campaign was exceptionally well acted and quite well told, the graphics and facial animations in particular were spectacular. While I found much of the military jargon cheesy, the characters felt like real people who behaved in believable ways, and that allowed me to connect with them emotionally in a way that I've seldom seen videogames accomplish. Ethan especially was an absolute joy whenever he was on-screen and he left a lasting impression on me that will stay with me long after I've grown bored of this game. The missions were numerous and varied, taking the player all around the solar system and weaving near-future sci-fi elements and locations into the story that were grounded enough that they never broke my immersion, and very interesting to explore. I found myself frequently wandering environments just taking in the scenery and examining machines and vehicles. Walking around on the surface of Europa, Mars and Titan was genuinely breathtaking. I found the around ten hour campaign to be a little on the short side, I would have been very satisfied if they had added a few more side missions for good measure. Short but sweet. The gameplay is standard for CoD, there's little to no innovation here in terms of gunplay besides the usual slew of new gadgets and abilities (many on which seemed to be borrowed from its counterpart Black Ops 3). It is however tight and refined, if unimaginative. The space combat on the other hand was an unexpected and welcome addition, that while fairly shallow, was fun and immersive. I would like to see this game mode expanded upon and fleshed out in future titles.As well as the campaign the game features a mulitplayer and zombies mode, the former of which seems to be completely non-functional at this stage. I bought the game knowing this in advance, however I was pleasantly surprised to see that the game features bots for offline play and so I was able to mess around and try out the different modes and killstreaks. The only opinion I have is that it is standard, much like the gunplay it is a tried and tested formula that takes no risks and does not seek to innovate. I found it inferior in every way to BO3's offering (which is still has a very active playerbase) though not unenjoyable.Zombies is a mixed bag, in theory I love Horde/Wave Survival gametypes, but the CoD offering always seems incredibly obtuse, overcomplicated and unfriendly to newcomers. You're absolutely inundated with a deluge of nonsensical information and mechanics, all of which is poorly presented and explained, then thrown into an environment that gives you very little opportunity to explore and experiment so that you can get your bearings. This leaves the player lost and confused from the get-go. I think it's better than BO3's Zombies mode, or at least slightly more accessible and forgiving. Perhaps these game modes just aren't for me, I long for a wave survival gametype without any of the complications and distractions that are prevalent here.I have to mention that I found the game's install size to be absurd, at almost 100GB it took me eight days to download on my connection, and then I had some significant issues getting it running. Searching error messages on Google for an hour before you can play is never a good first impression for your new game, and even after I got it working I found the in-game performance to be less than stellar. There's a lot of stuttering present here that might really annoy you, and it really brings the campaign down a few pegs by making it overall less smooth and responsive. I feel these issues are engine-related and a result of sloppy Q&A, as my hardware far exceeds the recommended specs and, while beautiful in places, the game isn't breaking new ground from a technical standpoint.Not to say that it's a bad PC port however, as the game features full controller support, an FoV slider, and native UHD support for multi-monitor configurations which is very welcome. While the 90fps cap did not effect me personally, as I use 60Hz monitors, it should be noted for people who wish to play at 144Hz. Overall, the game leaves something to be desired where performance and stability is concerned, though I found it playable and it didn't prevent me from enjoying the experience.In summary this game really stands out for its great campaign, it's a spectacular romp through the solar system with relatable characters and some really cool and well throught-out technology. If you're here for multiplayer, then keep walking, this game isn't going to give you what you're looking for. I'm kind of sad that the CoD fanbase has review-bombed this installment into the ground to the extent that it has, while vitriolic and negative on the best of days, this edition of the multiplayer really seems to have drawn their ire and they've pushed the game's score far lower than it rightfully deserves. I doubt they took the campaign into consideration at any point, or ever cared about the single-player element to begin with. Makes me wish that the talented writers, actors and animators were working on something that wasn't handcuffed to such a toxic community.
Not entirely a bad game. I bought this Call of Duty strictly for the zombies. And with the release of Shaoling Hustle coming in a few days, I feel as if my purchase of the season pass is a bit more justified. Then again, my expectations are never set to high for the Call of Duty franchise. My conclusion:If you're strictly a PC gamer, and enjoy the Call of Duty franchise as it is, buy this game.
cod iw has a great gameplay, no comments about gameplay...  2 THINGS :1.  THE MULTIPLAYER NETWROK WAS SO FREAKING AND FRUSTATING ME OUT, STARTING FROM SERVERS (PLAYING FROM ASIA (INDONESIA TO BE SPECIFIC), WHICH HAS HIGH PING IN THE GAME CAUSING LAG TO HAPPEN, 2. THE NAT TYPE THAT I ALWAYS GOT IN THE GAME, WHICH  WAS MODERATE AND SOMETIMES STRICT. WHY DOES THIS HAPPEN? PLEASE FIX THIS, SO THAT ASIA SERVERS CAN ALSO PLAY COD IW. DONT TRY TO IMPROVE THE GAMEPLAY OR UPDATES MORE OFTEN ON COD IW WHILE THE GAME CANNOT BE PLAYED...   JUST FIX THIS PROBLEM SO THE GAME COULD BE MORE ENJOYED BY OTHERS
10/100
Best Call of Duty I ever played
From the single-player campaign I would rate Infinite Warfare quite highly. Love the graphics, runs perfectly on a GTX 980. Some of the landscapes in space and on one of saturn's moons for example are really amazing. I also liked the Jackal missions which I thought they did a good job with. There are a few bugs here and there, but overall I don't think it detracts that much from the experience. Especially impressive graphically, well worth playing.
awesome game heres somethings you would like to know about the game and some help full tipsuse a controllerits hard with keybourduse type 2 in multyplayer if unlockeddont buy cod points cause you can just get keys by playing the gamebuy season pass cause they update the game
One of the best call of duty campaigns in the franchise. After I played the dreadful, confusing and icoherent story in black ops 3, this was like a breath of fresh air. The mission structure was great, the various side missions were engaging and enjoyable too. Voice acting was top notch aswell. What took by suprise was the incredibly well done weapon designs, all of the weapons felt distinct from each other, so did the throwables. I especially liked the grafivty nades, overall from the gameplay standpoint, there are no cons, everything flowed smoothly and playing throught the campaign was a breeze. This has to be one of the best cod campaigns out there. Infinity ward certainly delivered on this front. If I would rate the game based on the fantastic campaign I would give it a solid 9/10 but after playing the multiplayer for a short while I have to drag down the final rating by two points, it's just not enjoyable for me at all...Zombies on the other hand are a fun little distraction, that feels a bit tedious and boring after a while so an overall score is 8/10. A mighty decent addition to my collection and a very strong contender for one of the best campaigns in the franchise.Good job infinity ward !
i dont know why people hate this game, its a great story and great campaign. the only letdown was the multiplayer which feels like it shoud just of been a free to play aspect, my problem was that it felt too much like bo3 but worse. i play cod for zombies thats what attracts me and i must say i really enjoyed  zombies in spaceland, was so much fun with freinds. so yeah dont play if a multiplayer person only for campaign and zombies
Multiplayer - 2.5/10Campaign - 10/10
awesome
Bought it on sale only to check out the SP since it was recommended to me. Last CoD I played in its entirety was Ghosts and it was so bad I lost interest in the series for good. Plus I don't really care for multi so this is a SP-only review.I can see how it might have gotten a bad rep for the concept ("space warfare... IN SPACE") because let's be honest, the idea is as bonkers as it sounds if you consider the series' roots. Which is why I think this shouldn't even be a part of CoD franchise at all. Hell, it even might have been received well, had it been it's own thing.It's still a very linear, script-heavy FPS at its core but the missions provide enough variety to avoid boring you to death with repetitive shooting galleries. Not only that, the campaign features plenty of side ops which you can complete in any order you like, so that's always a plus. Especially since they don't feel tacked-on and unnecessary, like in Black Ops 2. Zero-G sniper missions, assassinations/infiltrations, on-foot and aircraft assaults, and so on. All these missions have their own, unique dialogue lines and objectives, so they rarely feel same-y.The most entertaining new feature is, of course, the dogfighting in space. Even though these sections are more arcade-y than Galaga, the encounters eventually do get challenging enough to merit their existence in the game. They are also incorporated into the story missions, often breaking up the on-foot action, which makes them even more welcome. Also, they look ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.As for the story - it's dumb. Formulaic, even. But it serves its purpose and follows only one protagonist so it's easy to wrap your head around what's happening at any given time (something that the series has been struggling with in the past). Some of the characters are even likable and have a couple of funny lines - like Ethan, a robot soldier with a voice that reminded me a bit of Tars from Interstellar.Overall, I wholeheartedly recommend getting this game cheap, if only for the single player campaign. If you also happen to dig military sci-fi, the game will be a blast. Just forget that you're playing a Call of Duty title (which shouldn't be too hard).
I think the game is pretty good. deffently not what COD used to be.Pros:Good storyMultiplayer is pretty decent has a lot of items to unlockconsIt's in the future
First off I have to say, this game is great! Ever since modern warfar 3 came out all the old school COD fans "Like my self" have gave bad reviews for every COD game there after. Honestly I love every COD gamme ever made each has something special that makes it great, an I have to say I like every thing that has came out since MW3 better then all the old games. People need to stop being mad they are making COD different, they tryed to give yall old school guys what you want and all you did was give more bad reviews on Ghosts.  The bottom line is COD has changed and for the better they may give more MW style games, I would love a Ghosts 2 and 3, they may not who knows. But Id much rather have a company tryn new things then the same old same old. Also I think this is the best story in COD ive ever played, but I have always had a thing for space. The GFXs are great, they do need a new lighting system in the future, its not bad, just the game would really look amazing with a lighting system liuke Battlefield. As for Zombies I had the best time ever in this version of zombies. As for multiplayer I love it the controls seem the best controls Ive ever used in call of duty. The only thing I wish was better beside the lighting is the GUIs. The multiplay gui seems to minimalistic. All and all this is my new fav and a must have for every FPS gamer. Don't lisson to the old school COD heads reviews. I have every FPS game I can find worth buyn including Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2 and This game is more fun.
Not a lot to say about the game other than it plays like Black Ops 3 kind of with the Exo Suits so here's a recipie for Doughnuts that you can find on the BBC website:Ingredients1 tbsp yeast4 tbsp caster sugar150ml/5¼fl oz milk, warmed225g/8oz plain flour, plus extra for dusting¼ tsp salt50g/2oz butter, melted1 free-range egg, beaten300ml/10½fl oz vegetable oil, for deep-fryingjam of your choiceMethodMix the yeast with half a teaspoon of the sugar and two tablespoons of the warm milk. Place in a warm place to rest for 15 minutes, or until frothy.Sift the flour and salt into a large bowl. Stir in one tablespoon of the sugar.Make a well in the flour and pour in the yeast mix, the rest of the milk, the melted butter and the egg. Mix to make a dough and then knead, cover the bowl and leave to stand for 45 minutes, or until the dough has doubled in size.On a floured work surface, knead the dough for five minutes, then divide into 12 balls and place in a warm place for 30 minutes, or until they have doubled in size.Heat the oil in a deep pan until it reaches 190C/375F, or a cube of bread dropped in sizzles and turns golden in 30 seconds. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)Gently lower the dough balls one at a time into the hot oil, in batches of two or three, and fry for 3-5 minutes or until golden-brown, and then carefully turn over. Remove from the hot oil with a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen paper.Roll the hot doughnuts in the remaining sugar. Make a small slit in the doughnut with the tip of a knife, and fill with a teaspoon of jam. Serve.
This Game Is Amazing I Wish MWR Was A Digital Download in game just pay 30 dollors in the iw store instead of steam.
For me, I love this game, it doesn't have that amazing storyline like the olden CoD days but the storyline is still okay for me and still enjoying it, just don't hate before starting and give it a try, you might like it
Despite all the negative reviews, which are just hyping the negativity towards the game, this is the best Call of Duty so far. Campagn is amazing unlike previous 5 or 6 games, multiplayer is really fun and they really tried to bring new feel to it and they suceeded, i think.So in short, BUY IT NOW! Don't listen to all the negs.
I PLAY THE MWR
Waoo. Its awesome cod
- Fantastic, Highly Recommend !! - Fantastic, Highly Recommend !! - Not tried, so can't comment. But not many players.Don't Pay full price, but highly recommend picking this game up when it goes on sale. Just wish split screen was available on pc version, especially with less players online. Be good to play splitscreen Zombies.
2 days to complete story mode
I bought this game on a discount fully expecting it to be a distater at worst and mediocre at best. As it turned out, I had a plenty of fun. This IS an actual innovation when it comes to gameplay. Non-scripted dog fights in space are a great distraction from the main campaign missions, and being a commander of a huge starship let's players immerse in the story. Of course ther are some glaring drawbacks in the single-player campaign, like an infamous "press 'F' to feel" moments, but those are easy to overlook when we are treated with beautifully designed maps and very enjoyable gameplay. The MP is fine, but nothing special. Recently I was only able to try TD, because other, more interesting modes are not very popular.tl;dr:Maybe it's not what everyone wanted, but that doesn't mean it's bad. "Mostly Negative"? I don't get it.
okay i am not a guy who just says DONT BUY THIS GAME PRESS F TO PAY RESPECTS im not that kind of person anyway infinity ward i understand them they had no choice they looked at advanced warfare and said hey this is kinda workin out few months later ok futuristic stuff is BAD and we cant just forget about all the hard work we put into this NOBODY WILL BUY OUR GAME then some guy at infinity ward said hey look and the last of us remastered that did pretty well how about we remaster cod4! and thats what they did anyway i think infinity ward did a good job on the campaign you really get to care about there characters just almost right at the start but multiplayer oh god look the multiplayer is CRAP i like the mechanics they put into it but...for me its just not fun to play so in short CAMPAIGN: 10/10 MULTIPLAYER 2/10 but lets not forget zombies. zombies is fun im not a very good zombies player but i can tell this is awesome so i give it 8/10 bechaus zombies just dosent fell perfect for me you know but anyway that was my review of cod infinite warfare and btw modern warfare remastered 10/10 perfect solid game
I thought this game wouldn't be fun due to the poor reviews. But I decided to give it a go anyway. I was suprised. Zombies is great fun, and multiplayer can be too (Although sometimes you will rage due to some weapons being a little too powerful) The campaign is awesome and the game is pretty good. Although for full price I wouldn't recommend it. Wait for a sale.
I'm gonna say this - everyone who's refusing to even look at it only because of the futuristic setting is missing out a really good game. Great campaign, ok zombies and good multiplayer. Also, I think so far this CoD has the best way of handling with Supply Drops, in whcih only some variants are avaliable in SD's, while rest of the variants can be crafted or unlocked via mission teams/challenges (this includes new weapons). The only thing I have to point out is low number of gamemodes on PC, including absence of competetive. Overall, I'm gonna give it solid 9/10
I purchased this game only to play the Single Player campaign. I must say, it's everything I wanted it to be. I just started the game and I'm having a blast. I really like all the futuristic Sci-Fi stuff here. The graphics are amazing! The sound is top-notch quality! I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time. I hope they make an Infinite Warfare 2!I have no interest in playing Multiplayer in any game other than Payday, so I can't comment on that part of the game. However, I highly recommend this game for the Single Player campaign alone!Man, I do love me some futuristic science fiction stuff and it's all here in this game! Developers, I thank you for making this game and putting so much beauty into this game.
Campaign is great not the biggest fan of the MP but as i said SP is very enjoyable love the style something new. You have more control over how the campaign is played and i like that. But as always everyone to their own.
At first I had problems getting this game not to lag and crash. Turns out it was AVG antivirus giving me problems.  After using the disable AVG feature that comes with their product, I no longer had problems with this game. I can hardly blame that on this game. Or AVG for that matter. AVG is just trying to keep me protected.  Anyways, after finding the fix to the problem, COD IW worked flawlessly. No problems what so ever in my 28 hours of gameplay​. I bought this game honestly from a multiplayer FPS stand point. I bought battlefield 1, Titan 2 and overwatch BEFORE buying COD IW and although I found titanfall 2 fun, it got boring after about 15 days the other 2 didn't hold up well at all. I remembered playing COD Black ops on Xbox 360 and wanted to enjoy that same quality of fun on COD IW. To some degree I got that. Although the aesthetics have changed in a way that I'm not all that fond of, I feel like I can get over that. That being said the general feeling that is call of duty is still there. What I mean by that is the gameplay is still COD. The 2 things I don't like are, not enough people playing zombies and the awful supply drops. As in they shouldn't have put supply drops in the game. Oh and I almost forgot. The 3rd thing I dont like is spending over $100 to get the full game experience. I honestly feel like infinity ward is trying to milk us for money at this point. Let it be noted that I only spent the $60 for the game and I still feel like o came out of the deal okay. I got a team deathmatch on multiplayer that I play often , I got 1 zombie map that I play often and I got campaign that I still haven't played. The summery is COD IW is a good game in comparison to the other FPS released in 2016, it does 'nt have ANY problems that I'm aware of BUT infinity ward SERIOUSLY needs to stop trying to milk every penny out of this game. So uh yeah, form my stand point, although I get that people are sick of over paying for ALL of the features, just don't play infinity wards game. Buy the $60 version and you'll be fine and infinity ward if everyone does that, will stop their BS. That being said, I see no reason why this game should be SOOOO hated. I would totally recommend just the $60 version and no supply drops to anyone.
Fun Game
I bouget this game and MWR. infinite warfare is a good game but mutiplayer is rly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for me i dont rly like the new things like exos and yeah. the story is rly ♥♥♥♥ing good but still i dont like the new things. but MWR is COD 2016.its rly good. cod 2016  is a good year for cod...WE ARE LEAVING!!
This game doesn't deserve the hate it gets.Don't get it for the multiplayer, that's completely dead.The campaign though is one of the best I've played in the CoD series.Haven't had this much fun with a campaign in a while. The spaceship combat is absolutely wonderful.The basic zombie map is also pretty great, especially for people who like treyarch zombies and a dash of retrowave.The hate has become a meme at this point and it's sad to see.I feel sorry for Infinity ward who get all the hate for their ideas.Ghosts had a believable vision of "future-earth" with fun weapons, infinite warfare has refreshing and fun spaceship battles.Get it on a sale or something, the campaign and zombies are absolutely worth it.If you want a multiplayer CoD game, this is not it. And don't get it for the MW remaster either, that game is even deader than this one.
got it for £8 (not from steam, I think from  or something) and it's a ♥♥♥♥ing blast playing this game. Man, people talk about this game so negatively, and even though I hate the jumping ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t most of the time, the game is pretty fun. Buy it, don't like it then refund it, like it then like it. Just don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about it
I LOVE THE GAME BUT IT MAKES MY FPS 10 FOR SOME REASON.
LOVE THE NEW ZOMBIES
I really dont care how it is peaple HATE this so much thoProb peaple will tell me why it sucks
Why do people hate this game? I love it!
The zombie on this game is cool and i love it becuase i love 80s music and the map is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cool. The multiplayer is okey feels like bo3 but i like zombies more then the multiplayer.
good multiplayer needs more players for the DLCs ! ! !
People hate the game because it is Space and all the jumpimg around, honestly, I love it. If you arent into boosting around and wall walking while shooting. dont buy it. I however enjoy it.
The game itself is good, very fluid pace, good graphics, good hitmarker, good weapons etc, the only downside is the p2p conection.
Finally after trash games like mw2 and cod 4 I can play something that's not absolute â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing trash and is also bad  infinite warfare is the highest form of entertainment in a cod game I have ever seen and I'm happy that activision made a good game for once ðŸ˜€ 10/10 for me buy the DLC while you're at it too.
It's Call of Duty. It's not the greatest game, it has its flaws, but it is an arcade shooter that you can zone out and have a great time in multiplayer or zombies. People seem to expect or want Call of Duty to change its arcade shooter style it has had for many years now, which is just not happening. So the main question you should ask yourself before you buy the game is, "Hey, do I like playing Call of Duty and find multiplayer/alternate modes fun in it?" if so, buy it, and you will enjoy it. Too many people hating on it because it wasn't the "boots on ground, back in the past cavemen with spears" game. (p.s. Multiplayer death time and things like that are similar to CoD Ghosts mixed with Bo3, so if gameplay wise you didnt like those much I would suggest shy away, or else you will rage.)
Better than Advanced Warfare in terms of enjoyment. But its not impecible. I'd rate it 60/40 in terms of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to-ActuallyPrettyCoolScale. Pretty Demanding too, bad Campaign but fun Multiplayer with a Really Good Community [PC Only].
Finished this game in about 10 hours with all side missions. And you know what? Totally worth it!It is not less cinematic than any other CoD game, but planets, satellites, ships, asteroids, space is awesome! Gameplay itself more or less straight-forward, but the futuristic gadgets add a lot of fun to it. And quite a few pure space sim missions, which are quite arcade-ish, but very dynamic and visually beautiful.The single-player campaign is of optimal length, plays as one solid piece. The general storyline could be a bit twistier, though the characters are great, so is voice over performaces.Not sure about multiplayer, but single player is definitely recommended. Cannot name another solid shooter in space which would be close to this one.BTW here I play one of the side missions that do not spoil the main storyline:
One of the better modern call of duty's. Simple story but nice playthrough and graphics.
The campaign is actually really good, the zombies mode too, but the multiplayer...
Best♥♥♥♥♥♥game I've ever played. I don't think it deserves all the hate but if the next CoD isn't something that's not this, I won't be happy. I find this game very entertaining and special in its own way despite also being a cash-grab type deal it seems.
the game crashes earlier and it wasnt !!when I choosr continue its loads for a long time and then crashes dunno why!can some1 help me plzz?!!! :(
The Campaign is awesome and I am not even done yet. the multiplayer is okay haven't really gotten into it.Hope there is more campaigns like this from COD. Yes I would recommend. Really don't understand reason for the mostly negative reviews.
Zombie and boss Mode are very funny and good! ♥♥♥♥ the haters ;Dand the campaign was so good too! multiplayer is ok but the shotguns are so op!
Do NOT get this game for the multiplayer aspect alone because the MP in this game is its weakest part. This game truly shines in the campaign. This game IS the best campaign in the entirety of the Call of Duty series. The writing, characters, setting, gameplay, everything fuses so well together in the campaign and it just oozes with quality. With a very strong cast and story it really holds its own in the singleplayer department. This game also has some Mass Effect like qualities in terms of the campaigns hub and the way you can tackle missions. You can do missions in any order you want as you see fit. From space combat to ship assaults and infiltration, hostage rescue, weapons aquisitions, massive battles, and more! This game has tons of variety in the campaign and is worth playing and buying for the campaign alone. The multiplayer isn't bad. Far from it, but it's not exactly great either. It's fun for a few rounds and then it starts to get stale. Black Ops 3 is by far the better MP of the two. But I cannot stop praising this games campaign. It is outstanding.Campaign - 10Multiplayer - 5
I dont play Call of Duty for the multiplayer.So obviously this is a positive review as I was quite surprised at how good the Campaign is.If you like COD and a good single player then this game is for you.But if you only play COD for the multiplayer then I guess BO2 would be a better option.
Nice game
like butnot enough players
This is one of the most buggy, if not the most buggy AAA games I have every owned. It's really kind of sad and I wonder if the people at Infinity Ward are actually OK or are they sick or something... I know they're not stupid, but they could be sick, maybe they have brain cancer...It's just a weirdly broken game when it's all said and done. From matchmaking, to frame drops, to aim bots galore, everything is just a little bit off.I actually enjoy the game overall but the issues are frustrating. Hopefully they get it all fixed up.
Not my favourite call of duty game I would normally play on the Xbox 360/one but also like these types of games on pc too but this one was pretty bad if you ask me I liked Ghosts I don't know why people hate it but I do hate advanced warefare well at least it is better than the first call of duty game.
Good game. If you're a fan of COD series, you should buy it
Great game!
I really wish they where working on a ww1 game but i guess they cant cuase of battlefild1 and that game is sooo good
this game is dog♥♥♥♥♥
SPACE ALIENS AND STUFF
the masses are assess.
this game has a lot of negative reviews but the truth is it really isnt that bad. it is just like black ops 3 (the jetpack boost jumping being highly hated by everyone in the old cod community really doesnt help this game tho) except the method of obtaining the dupply drop weapons in this game is severely more acceptable. you can get salvage (which is sort of like an in game currency) to build the epic/rare/legendary variants of weapons instead of relying on luck or money. the servers are not very good due to how dead the game is on pc though.
Stop giving this game so much hate, for a first CoD game it's great. There are no issues if you follow the guidelines. "I can't connect to servers because my name was longer than 15chars" It said in bold writing above "enter a username" that it was 4-15chars. Don't try and cheat and then you will be fine. Recommended.
Probably my Favorite Call of Duty game so far!
Better than the most recent Star Wars Battlefront
Game is Amazing, absolutely nothing wrong with it in my eyes...  most negativity is from bandwagon little turds that can't form their own opinion.  When you are in the game actually playing, its all sorts of fun.  No one ever gives gameplay reasons why they think this game is bad, they just say it is trash and no reasons that relate to gameplay.  I mean if you liked Black ops 3, I do not see a reason not to like this game.
Better than black ops 3
This game is innocently blamed... Yes, it had a rough start with many issues like many blame it for. When I first heard of Infinite Warfare and checked the trailer on Youtube, I went with the mainstream and hated on it for how out of control Call of Duty had gone. What I didn't expect was that I would actually start to really enjoy Infinite Warfare. What I first noticed was how extremly refined and smooth the controlls feel (including both character and mouse movement controls) which I personally feel is an upgrade from Black Ops III, that once felt smoother than any game had ever become. Infinite Warfare makes Black Ops III feel soggy and slow in comparation.The performance of this game is super good on my computer. It runs smoothly with high graphical settings and I almost never experience any issues at all!On top of the enhanced movement, the graphical detail looks really sharp and the space-futuristic theme feels very welcoming. The multiplayer is as good as ever, but even better with the fantastic movements. There are a great selection of weapons in the armory that takes weapons to a new level by having a unique effect that either transforms your weapon into a different weapon, or is a passive effect enhances its strengths! (My favourite weapon is a switchable Sniper Rifle/Assault Rifle hybrid energy weapon called EBR-800 :D)When I already thought the multiplayer was completely awesome, then I tried out the campaign. The story is very deep and enjoyable. I really liked it alot, but to not spoil anything, I will not tell why ;) ! The zombies mode is good, I do not enjoy it as much as the classic zombies mode from the Treyarch series, mostly because the map and setting confuses me and contains no Richtofen, but it is unique and really entertaining in the long run.I totally recommend this game, it has recieved a lot of unfounded hate which is understandable because this is not really what people wished how Call of Duty was supposed to be, but it is a really, really good game!I was once one of them who disliked the game trailer on YouTube, now I am one of few who tries to promote it and lift it up :).I hope to see you on the battlefield, soldier!Campaign - 9/10Multiplayer - 9/10Zombies - 7,5/10Game performance - 9/10
Came here with bad expectation ; Turns out it`s not that bad.   I`m amazed that I can play it in 50-60 FPS most of time on a mid-range rig. Yes, it have repetitive scenes or story context but that` s what a war game have ... You may guess in many missions what`s gonna happen but ... as I said, it is repetitive.    Optimisation 8/10Graphic 8/10Story 7/19
I dont want to tell you why.
Good game!
I preordered this game and it was nothing less than I expected. I was expecting the game to be a fun game to just go into a play a few matches now and then, and I was also expecting the campaign to be spectacular, which in my opinion it was.(Great job Infinity Ward!ğŸ‘�ğŸ�»)
This game isn't bad stop hating on it, it is a really fun game to play
It is amazing and
Bought the game half off during a sale. The game's performance has been flawless, running on a FX 8350 CPU and RX 480 GPU. Clear graphics, smooth frames, gorgeous environments and space fights. The space battles were a lot of fun, boarding ships and doing damage was even more fun. The cut scenes were fantastic and the story was really good. I heard some complaints say it's like Halo, it's not. Overall, the quality of this game is beyond satisfactory to me, I'd highly recommend it for campaign, especially if it's half-off or more if you're tight on money.
10/10 Game. If you have 1 good game, instant called out for cheats. You have a good K/D, calle3d out for cheats. Call in a UAV, 100% cheats. The game is cancer because you can't do anything when you have little kids reporting you for cheats just  because you're good at a game. Back to minecraft it is. I'll recommend it if you wanna get cancer, if not stay away.
hella lit bros
how drunk was i when i descided to buy this game?
the game play itself is fun and challenging, however the cheats in this game are out of control.It would be nice if you could click on a suspected players name and have the option to view their profile to do any reporting if needed, but it is a fun game that i enjoy playing
Reviewing the multiplayer:Probably the most hardcore fast paced COD you can buy on PC. Really challenging but a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun. It's not completely dead, you can find players as long as youre not searching for games at inconvenient times. I enjoy it a lot more than Black Ops 3, the specialists are way more balanced, and the maps are better set up for the advanced movement in my opinion.Really the only problems with this game are some performance issues like crashing (turning off your antivirus might fix this) and lag spikes, as well as some serious weapon balancing issues for certain weapon variants. Akimbo weapons are completely broken on PC, and until you unlock better weapon variants chances are you're going to get completely destroyed when you first start playing.If you want a fast-paced, challenging COD with no camping, and have a decent PC, you'll love this game.
If i hade a dollar for each time someone screamed at me in another language, i'd still have no money because i spent it on supply drops....
People saying this is♥♥♥♥♥♥probably have a hsitty computer, I find this game easy, atleast on HC TDM, 30 frags average.
If you love wall running +1 If you love futuristic stuff +1If you love supply drops +1If you love jetpacks +1If you love robots +1If you love black ops 3 +1 (Black ops 3 is better) this is my opinion.If you love space +1If you love taunts +1If you love sliding  +1If you love moving camos on your gun +1If you don't mind Terminal from mw2 being in space +1If you love waiting for a game +1If you don't mind being killed by a doggie synaptic payload +1If you love Jon snow +1Then this might be the game you're looking for. Btw, if you're having a problems being stuck on the loading screen "Match starting loading level" then it could  be a firewall problem, mine was a firewall problem.I'm sure this game will soonly die out like AW. So this is a negative in this review.
Great but i had to reset my computer in order to play the game again
I actually really enjoyed this game. The multiplayer is fun, fast paced and with some really good maps. I see alot of Negative reviews surrounding this game people saying it's trash and just look at the youtube trailer. Well then why did you buy it??? If you wanna stop CoD games stop buying them you ♥♥♥♥ing idiots. But honestly the campaign is incredibly fun and the space combat actually works quite well. The weapons all feel unique and good to use. The Online is very well balanced in that regard, so you never feel under powered or overpowered. The game has flaws. ALL Games have flaws. But as far as Cod goes this doesn't feel much like CoD. But if you just play the game given to you it's a great time. 7/10.
Strong and attractive story but short single game mod. I liked the space wars.
Forget Steam reviews. Get the game when it's half price and enjoy the single player campaign which is one of the best in a Call of Duty game.
Since I feel obligated to give a review due to butthurt people, enjoy this long worded double spaced essay.The campaign - I don't play any of COD's campaigns. (I prefer Halo's)Multiplayer - It's COD, prepare for butthurt people when they die in any way shape of form.Zombies - This is where I mainly reside due to the fun it brings, as well as the ability to "Grind" cryptokeys. After scene ~20, you just about get 1 key per scene. Much easier to train zombies and run them into traps and end waves to wave 30 in about half an hour and get around 25 keys rather than spend 2 hours on multiplayer to get 20 keys. Also on zombies there's not much that can screw you over unless you just plain suck.----- I generally purchase COD's to have the 'Zombies' gametypes since I enjoy them more than the campaigns they spend too much time on. But I play multiplayer to troll around with the few people that play it. Zombies is more so a solo thing so I don't worry much about people going down or who buys the next door. Thanks for your time.
A nice touch to take the story and the battle into the future. It could have been implmented a little better and the storyline could have been better developed and the charecters developed even more (like a more detailed backstory). Overall, a good game!
This game gets very unfairly downvoted when the single player in particular is a great game. The graphics are excellent, it is very stable and scales well to all levels of hardware and overall it is a very polished campaign. The only real issue I had is stuttering video/audio in some of the cut scenes which makes them all but unwatchable. The setting is obviously different from COD games before and people seem to hate that. If you took away the COD name and released this as an original title in itself, I am sure the feelings would be very different. Of course the story is forgettable and the campaign isn't overly long (as is typical with COD) but the core gameplay is very much COD with a few twists. This game LOVES memory and vram with it taking over 9gb of system ram and chewing up pretty much all of my 8gb of vram at 4k. Though the game uses as much memory as it can get, I know it can run on lesser systems and make do with less. I get a pretty steady 60fps at 4k with max settings (apart from AA) with very few fps drops. I don't care about the multiplayer so for me this game didn't disappoint. If you are looking for a scifi kind of setting for a shooter, you could do a lot worse than this game. SP campaign is something I would highly recommend
So, SOOO many other people are rating this game based on the rest of the franchize.  Which is completely fine.  But, in the eyes of a new consumer this game is actually quite good.  Graphics are nice, it plays very smoothly, and it isn't too difficult for new players to learn.  Honestly I can see how long time fans of the series can be disapointed by some things like how it was released with only one zombies map (there are currently two)  but tbh they are both amazing.  The story for single player isn't the best but the gameplay on it is very enjoyable.  Especially with the freedom it gives you to do some of the missions.  It almost feels like playing hitman at times.  I am generally known for being hard to please so having me like a game from a company I previously hated (and yes before this game I compledely despised the COD franchize) is quite hard.  Basically, this game is apparently dissapointing to the long time players of the franchize but to anyone looking for a good place to start, this is definantly the place to look.  I unfortunantly cannot say anything about modern warfare remastered as I didn't buy that.  Anyway if your new to the series or just looking for a fun time waster this is a good place to start.
omg. i dont know why people hate this game so much it,s awsome
The game generally receives very negative reviews but I have to say it runs great on my PC. Pulls very nice 60 FPS everywhere, no lag, no screen tearing when v-sync is activated. Mouse smoothing is available which makes the motion much smoother as well. Story mode in single player campaign is a fully cinematic experience (finally a good single player mode) with the usual great acting, and characters. I have not been a big fan of the modern COD games but both Black Ops 3 and this one now started to look decent on PC as well. It is always strange why the interim videos run with a lot of lag and skipping voice (like it was some strange mpeg video that was shoved in between game scenes), but the actual game is very steady in performance. For those skeptics out there here is my rig: Intel LGA1151 670016 GBRAMSSD and M.2 drives (faster load and chaching of the shaders at the start of the game)Nvidia GTX1080(runs flawlessly on high and ultra settings)
...
When I first bought this game I told myself that I was only going to buy it for the remastered version of Modern Warfare. Oh how I was wrong.The campaign is so interesting that I didn't wanna stop playing.The multiplayer feels smooth and the rocket jumps aren't that bad to deal with.The zombies is slightly different that the zombies I have come to know and love and I like that about it. Although this game isn't in the past like we all want, it deserves a proper 7.5/10.
Not that bad tbh
I was not sure if  I should by this game at first with all the bad reviews. With that said im glad i did. It has the best Campaing mode out of all the COD's. Top notch Display and all round engaging story. The best story since COD II. I absolutly recomend this game. With all the complaining I see about COD being more of the same this game is anything but. So I recomend this game 100%
KewlWorth 15 bucks though
Good story mode with good graphics
I really like the game.The Singleplayer was really good. A lot of different missions and good characters. The Multiplayer is fun. Most of things are now in the game. At release a lot of features are "coming soon".Update: This COd Year was a blast.Just a great game. Movement on Point and gutes Loot System.
Ok I know it's a futuristic game but who cares. Not many people play zombies let alone this game in general but I feel people should play at least zombies. It's fun and new style of it and the campaign isn't that bad.
This review is split into 2 parts. 1st is infinite warefare, second is Modern warfare Remastered (MWR). The quick review, IW worth a pruchase especially if it's going for >£20MWR, stay away from it like it's the plague. Do not purchase EVER or think about buying, complete scam.Infinite warfare: The port of this game runs better than call of duty ghosts. They were upfront about their micro DLC (Supply drops) from the start unlike other games *cough* MWR *cough*. The gameplay is fun and i find it much more enjoyable than that of black ops 3 or advanced warfare. The guns in this game are actually fun to use unlike black ops 3, the game actually feels much more like a war than the past few titles and the zombies is actually done better imo than the recent treyarch installment of zombies. If you go into this game not thinking "this is going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; you will actually get alot more out the experience. I can get a solid 70-90 FPS on my GTX 680 2GB Vram card and 16gb ram. A few people who are complaining about lag maybe have 8gb of ram, im not ure because it doesn't seem to be a graphics card problem since mine is pretty weak nowadays. Some of the recent additions to the game have been, questionable such as certain varients. However, recently new weapons were added and the ones that change gameplay were given out without the need to get them from supply drops but can be gained through challenges unlike treyarchs installment where to this day I am yet to have a single new DLC weapon. The salvage system is nice whereby you can choose to unlock a varient of a gun you want however right now salvage takes too long to earn. The playerbase however seems to be significantly worse than the average COD playerbase with multiple accusation of wallhacks/aimbots being accused onto me when I get 30+ kills and others too. Other features of the game such as the winners circle CURRENTLY don't have stupid taunts like in Blackops 3 such as dabbing and dancing and♥♥♥♥♥♥ The little of the campaign I have played didn't particularly engage me, however no call of duty campaign has really engaged me since COD 2 and I own and have played every installment of COD except COD 3 so that isn't saying much. Some bugs do persist such as textures not wanting to load at full resolution randomly but it maybe be because I have a small amount of VRAM. Also there is no FPS lock which isn't particularly nice. However the developers release PC specific patches to improve the port and UI navigation with the mouse, small bugs that affect gameplay etc. unlike MWR (will speak about later). I personally really enjoy this installment of the game and if you can pick it up for >£20 then its worth trying out.Modern warfare remastered:Modern warfare remastered on the otherhand is a totally different story. This game takes ages to load into games, runs at whatever framrate it pleases, has some insane mouse deadzone whereby moving the mouse slowly causes the game to not register the input at all so making precise shots is literally impossible. There is 0 communication with any of the developers at raven, they add in DLC, microtransactions etc. after launch without telling the community anything but decided to try and sneak it in without telling the community anything. The fact that it's an additional £20 ontop of the base price is rediculous for the abortion of a port you get. The playerbase is so low that after sitting in a lobby of FFA for quite literally 45 minutes straight 3 people joined it. Trying to find anybody in anything other than DOM or TDM or Cage match is just not going to happen. If the mouse movement actually worked, or they released PC specific patches to fix the game, or had a decent community, or told the community they were adding supply drops with overpowered weapons it maybe different. However from all the evidence this game was made entirely for profit and nothing else and has turned me off from buying any remaster in the future. Stay well away from this and just purchase COD 4. It has more players, the port actually works and is significantly cheaper and more fun.
I was very sceptical of this game before it came out. I can't say it is a great game. But it is definitely not terrible. If you want a good FPS with interesting story, you can wait for sale and get this game. The story was my favorite part about this game. Much better than BO3 in my opinion.
Very Good Game! Good Job
It's a good game TBH, the only thing that makes this game is bad is the internet comments that are very over.At first when the free weekend start i saw that the review is getting worse. Dude, It's free weekend.. and you giving it a bad review even when you play less than an hour?? why you download the game if you don't like the game??Anyway please respect the developer, they've tried even they've failed you.8/10 for Futuristic Call of DutyDoesn't like my review??Look at yourself, the internet makes you dont like this game and my review.
Perfectly good as a single player romp. This applies Infinite Warfare and CoD Remastered. However, be aware that the online element is absolutely riddled with cheating. Cheating Valve are doing nothing to stop. When someone is regularly going 40-6 k/d ratio you know something is amiss.So in summary. Single player good. Multiplayer? Buyer beware.
The further away from modern warfare the Call of Duty series gets, the more I enjoy it. I've had enough modern warfare in my lifetime, but I'm still into pew-pew lasers and cyborgs and space. If Infinity Ward called a modern warfare game "Infinite Warfare", I would cynically roll my eyes and decline because there was a time in my life when I thought war would actually never end. Instead, in this game's context, infinite can mean more than never ending. Infinite Warfare is pure power fantasy. You are Nick Reyes, a top gun Naval special forces pilot who's also a skilled infantryman, and, shortly after the plot gets moving, in command of an enormous space battleship, along with the crew of that battleship. A Sparta-esque offworld force attacks Earth, and you're going to make them pay. Throughout the 10-ish hour single player campaign, you get the standard Call of Duty FPS experience. There are plenty of small corridors and fast paced first-person shooting that frequently centers around pushing ahead and not looking back. Infinite Warfare adds more lasers and more robots to the previous games, and the shooting still feels good. Environments are amazingly well detailed, which is a touch that fascinates. So much effort goes into making these games look real and look good for a portion of the game a lot of Call of Duty players will never play, and the rest of us will gloss over because it's another hallway on my way to shoot more bad guys. What Infinite Warfare adds to this is significant. Instead of being a strict linear progression of levels, between main story missions you can choose to take on side missions. These take two forms; boarding missions and space dogfights. A lot of Infinite Warfare takes place inside the cockpit of a Jackal, a space jet. You'll hop in the Jackal mid-mission to soften up some targets before landing and assaulting them on foot. You'll dogfight enemy Skelters in space over Earth. These aren't on-rails experiences either. You're free to maneuver as you like. There's a lot of hovery movement and plenty of assistance in the controls, but these are fun diversions from the standard Call of Duty gameplay. Where the single player campaign suffers is in the narrative. It's just a little too bland and the antagonist adds nothing. Admiral Salen Kotch is played by Kit Harrington and, knowing nothing more about him than he's in the Game of Thrones TV show, I wasn't impressed.  He's no Kevin Spacey, or even a Christopher Meloni as far as Call of Duty antagonists go. It also never feels like Earth is doomed. Here it is, invaded by offworlders, with a supposedly 600:1 ratio of offworld soldiers to Earth soldiers, and yet I'm a single man with a small team and I can wreck their operations more or less with impunity. Black Ops 3 had a better plot, even if it made less sense. In a shocking twist, I've also spent a couple of hours playing this game's multiplayer! It's completely incomprehensible as a Call of Duty multiplayer outsider. It gives you a steady drip of experience points and unlocked weaponry, but I can't make heads or tails of optimizing my loadout. I jump in, shoot people, and die almost instantly if I didn't get the drop on them. There are parts of levels that look like they're where two players are supposed to take advantage of wallrunning and doing some real Matrix stuff, but it always ends up that I do the wallrun and the guy on the ground just shoots me off of the wall. There's also a cooperative Zombies in Spaceland mode that throws an 80's coat of paint on the wave based formula. If you're a Call of Duty multiplayer fan, you don't need this review to convince you to play it. The rest of us should consider it a bonus.What's disappointing to me has been the seemingly oversized backlash against this installment. The debut trailer got much more dislikes on Youtube than likes. Eurogamer has also reported that sales are down ~50% compared to last year's Black Ops 3. This is a bummer, because Infinite Warfare does more and is a more fun game for it. I get the feeling this will do one of two things; cause the next iteration to experiment less and try to get back to the popular formula, or take more risks and try to catch more players by giving us something fresh. I sincerely hope they take more risks, because Infinite Warfare might be my favorite Call of Duty.
Most amazing game i ever played. I don't care what every said about this game. It's still fun like the other call of duty games. Still amazing!
Despite what the bandwagon of people say, I believe this game is pretty fun to play.-I enjoyed the 6+ hours I played completing the campaign start to finish, probably on par with cod4's campaign. It was an impressive wrap up for the futuristic cod scene, because games like AW and BO3 with their minimum wage voice actors was quite a let down.-Stable mechanics, fps was decent enough to not give me motion sickness while playing. -Infinity ward successfully nerfed the never-ending flying aspect that you'd achieve from the previous games.-Impressive graphics.-Characters in the campaign were clearly established.-I expected the classic weapons to be a little more damaging than they are.-(SPOILER WARNING) -Control port could be a little better.
The reviews say this game sucks and are not positive towards it, I personally found the campagin to be enjoyable.As you play through the characters grew on me and once i had finish the game i was very sad it had to end and how the outcome was in the end.it shouldnt matter if a game is futuristic or boots on the ground to be enjoyable, it should be what the story is and the characters in the game.i highly enjoy Kit playing the villian in this game as he played an amazing antagonist end result highly enjoyed with more positives than negatives have to rate it 9.3/10
You people are Hypocrites you damn and Slam this console game but you continue to buy and play the game despite the hypocrisy.
Loved the campaign! One of the best COD out there... Epic story, very cool weapons, really gets you in the mood of waging  a war of the worlds across the Solar System.
In my humble opinion, Infinite Warfare has mad errors like all CoD, but also a lot of good things, like challenges to get new weapons, maps design, variety of weapons, and also, I think that infinite warfare is a really fun game to play. A lot of people are complaining about the futuristic aspect of the game, but it is what it is... If you dont like playing with jetpacks, there is a really good game mode called tactical TDM which is a mode with a oneshot cut, no jetpacks and about 80% health.For the caimpaign, Ipersonnaly loved it, really interesting story and Reyes is a really cool character.
This game is a good game. It´s fun and looks great. Multiplayer is fast like quake, i love to customize and unlock the classes to get the perfect loadout :-)  I don´t get why this game has so many bad reviews. The steam shop has tons of bad games that´s loaded with bugs, unfinished content and bad developers. But this game is not one of those games, it´s a relly good game.
I LOVE CALL OF DUTYIES..ALL OF THEM
very good game :D
One of the best COD campaigns I've played!Mutilplayer is the old COD multiplayer as always, I truly think they should have gone for a battlefield kinda multiplayer for this one tho, exploring bigger maps in the worlds we went through the campaign and using both mechs and the jackals. some ppl would complain but I think the game wouldn't be downvoted as much as it is right now.Anyways, I don't play COD for the multiplayer but the single player instead and I have to say, I don't play a good COD SP campaign this good since the first BO.they have 3 diffetent studios working on COD games, they should intercalate between past conflicts, modern conflicts and the futuristic si-fi conflicts so ppl won't get bored of the same setting every year and I believe this game suffers from this overused setting. Had this game been released after ghosts ppl would have placed it on a pedestal, trust me!
I don't know why all the hate on this game. I find it pretty fun. And the campaign is truly amazing, and interesting story. (I Don't play COD for multiplayer)
I bought this game on PC and wanted to get the COD 4 remastered game, but I cant find where to download it. Plz help.
I seriously don't understand why no one likes this game. Zombies is good. Campaign is GREAT. Multiplayer is GREAT. I like the futuristic gameplay, which is just my personality. I don't like boots on the ground. I give this game a 10/10.Hope this helped a little. :)
Not bad at all.Singleplayer:It's nice and very good but not like mw series 8/10Multiplayer:It's pretty fun and has everything you need for a good experience 9/10Zombies:Very nice and very funny 9/10Modern warfare remastered.Story 10/10Multiplayer isn't that good like previous cods 6/10
Is it fun?Well yeahIs it worth the full price?NoShould you get it if it's on sale?I would say yesSome of the problems with this game is that there aren't many players. You can still find lobbies in MP but only the most popular game types (tdm, dom, etc.). But if you are fine with that then yes it's pretty fun.
its not bad
you know what?screw it... i like the game!its kinda dumb and trying to serious at the same timewhat i mean by dumdamn....where do I startfirst things first you are in ♥♥♥♥ing space(gravity dosen t work in space espcially in a half blown up ship)and somehow u can throw a fire axe(wich somehow is using its own gravity or something i dont ♥♥♥♥ing know what i know is that that♥♥♥♥♥♥is atracted to the ground)and stuff like that!its true that the multiplayer is kinda hard to get used to first time but by practice you ll get goodat the time of this review i have 4 hoursoh and by the way i paid 5 bucks for the game,I got it on♥♥♥♥♥i wouldn t pay 60 bucks for this so called game
I remember wanting this game so badly (yes other reviewers you can laugh at me if you want)and when I got this game I definitely wanted to play the campaign more than multiplayerwhy? I will explain laterlet's talk first about the campaignThe campaign was actually really good and really interesting, I love the story, and I like the gameplay70% of me loved space in this game honestly because I love space and I am happy that there's a space Call of Duty gamethe game is actually VERY beautiful in the multiplayer there's a map called Mayday which is my favorite one because it has a Supermassive Black Hole there which is super cool to look at!!and it drove me crazy in this map because I love black holes they are pretty and also scary to look at!the multiplayer was also fun but it got old pretty quick to me honestly.... that explains why I only have 23.9 hours spent on this game.Why it got old to my you ask.... Idk, it just wasn't fun enough to me...and the gameplay was actually similar to Black Ops 3 which I have over 100 hours spent in it which for me it's one of the most played game in my librarywhy? because I didn't play advanced warfare that's whyBlack Ops 3 was my first EXO - futurastic Call of Duty gameokay now I am talking about another game, back to Infinite Warfarethe Zombies........ I don't have much to say about the Zombies it's something that I got to play like only once......I will give Infinite Warfare 7/10 because the multiplayer doesn't suck and the campaign is fun and interestingso you know what? yea I will recommend it
good
Good day fleshy mammals! ;)
I definitely do not under stand the hate for this game.Yes, this game may not be the best FPS game out there but it certainlt is not a bad game. I enjoyed the campaign. It's the one of the best campaign that I've played after crappy campaign in recent games. I also own Battlefield 1 but for single-player, COD still won. I rarely play multiplayer but I have to admit that it's very hard to find a player in lobby. If you wants to play campaign just wait for discount and go for it but if you prefer to play a good, crowded multiplayer then this is not a game for you.
I think the only reason people hate this game is because everyone else hates it.Don't get me wrong though, i agree that the futuristic direction is over saturated and needs to rest back to the modern or early war times but ignoring all that. I'd call the game.Alright.Its not the best but i dont think the worst.The campaign has likeable characters, especially ethan, the multiplayer although very unbalanced and dlc heavy is average and fun to play from time to time. But the game isn't 100% terrible. I'd say its pretty good. Im not 'sucking activision♥♥♥♥♥♥but id say its alright as a game.A 6/10. As in, come on people, it's better than advanced warfare by miles.
very cool game, cool new futurist weapons.made a terrific work on the senario and the actors.i loved very much the Jackals Missions (Space combat), the space assault.bref i loved it
I didn't come for the multiplayer, but the single player was excellent.  At times, the graphics were outstanding, and the gameplay was very enjoyable.  The story line was good, and overall, I'd consider it a great game from a single player perspective.  One of the best campaign experiences I've had with a Call of Duty title.  Did I mention I had absolutely no glitches or crashes during the entire length of a game?  Excellent work from a single player perspective.
The game does not deserve all of these bad reviews . The campaign is good and I would say the campaign by itself is worth the price. The multiplayer depends on your personal taste, in my opinion it is really enjoyable. The zombies is absolutely fantastic, I love the zombies in spaceland theme, it's just really nice, looks good and plays amazing. It actually runs pretty well on a gtx 750ti, gets an average of 60fps or sometimes higher on multiplayer. Of course if you do not like space, you won't like this game, however if you do like space and aspire to be an astronaut, you would be in love with this game. Funny part is that I tried it on a free weekend and it blew my mind, I loved it and thought that it deserved the money so I bought it :)
only recommend it for zombies only spaceland is a well done map set in 80s everythin else dont bother lol (upto u) get this game on sale and no way around season pass ie u cant buy one edition and get season pas included this is ony the digital legacy edition on;y that has all 3 other one has both games etc
great game alot of fun
10/10 zombies, 7.5/10 multiplayer, 10/10 campaign.
Not to fond of the "Multiplayer" In the game, Most of the time people just boost and spray you. However the "Zombies" Mode is actually a lot of fun, Granted I only have one map to play one, But it doesn't really get boring cause there is always something to do, Easter eggs, Going for insane rounds, I do not like Multiplayer tho, It's just a waste of time for me, So that's the only thing I dislike about the game, The Story is okay. And the Zombies is fun.. I recommend this game just for the zombie fun.
One of the best game that I have ever played Advance April fool gaben
Good campaign, and the multiplayer is good in my opinion.
Single player camaign for Infinate Warfare starts off right away in a roller coaster of epic action explosions. Events roll in as you progress with guns blazing through plot points. Details and graphics are smooth and scales depending on your rigs power. As an action packed AAA shooter it's amazing and well worth the price of admission.      Although I know they need to make a buck, the overpriced DLC is a bit dissappointing this early without a price break from the main game.
i just lost 60 keys i don't know why ...
For all of you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing Call of Duty fanboy cucks who only gave this game a negative review because the multiplayer is trash and have not even touched the Singleplayer.. seriously KYS and go let your body rot in a ditch to never be found.. CODIW has the best *or close second best* campaing ive ever played.. It tops MW1 in my books and is a close 2nd or tied with MW2.. i mean sure its trash compared to the OG CODS like COD 2,3 and world at war but what game isnt? Sure the Futuristic space scene isnt the best.. and that the community wants more CODS like 2,3 and Modern Warfare *which is another reason the COD fanboy cucks downrated this game is because it isnt modern warfare * But its also not the worst scene they could think of.. be thankful we arent playing tag with My little Ponie "Bronies" using bubble squirters in a field of flowers and surrounded by rainbows and butterflies...i give CODIW a solid 9.3/10 for there is still plenty of room for improvement.. and that the optimization isnt the best and is quite choppy on my pc *which isnt a half bad pc, but not the best*TLDR    Please dont let the negative review stop you from buying the game... Its only negative because people want it to be Modern Warfare and and they only played the multiplayer.. We all know that if this game did not have the Call Of Duty title and had some some other title itd be EXTREMELY highly rated and reviewed.. Come on we all know that*NOT A FREE TRIAL REVIEW*
As someone who totally dispise all classical cod games but loves arena shooters and titanfall i kinda like this game it feels like a less adrenalic and less fast version of titanfall with no minions.But even with that is still pretty good.ps optimization is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont reccomend to buy it for more than 25/30 bucks.
I played through the campaign and I liked it. A pretty basic mil-SF story, but the voice acting is great and the story (what there is) is well paced. If you're looking for a fun single player game to kill a few hours with I'd recommend picking this up on sale. I've found the multiplayer community in CoD is a toxic cesspit, so I haven't messed with the MP. Since pretty much all of the negative reviews are about the MP I'd say if you don't care about it you can safelu ignore them.
Compared to your other call of duty games, this one is the same if not better quality with the exception of jetpacks and space themed campaign. This game actually got a lot of random hate. I sold one of my knives from csgo and got this game for hima nd I half off. This game was great and the zombies was really great. The main thing I'm unhappy about is Activision ACTUALLY THINKING WE'LL PAY 50 BUCKS FOR THE NEXT ZOMBIE CAMPAIGN. It's like thier digging themselves in a hole with that one.
Good game to teach young teenagers willing to join the Marines in the future. Kindly visit my page.
not as bad as i though it would have been, bought it when it was on sale with cod 4
i love it
I can recommend this game under 2 conditions. The first is if you buy this, know you're purchasing it for the campaign. If you are looking for competative multiplayer, you should look elsewhere. The depressingly increasing frequency of games using the "Season Pass" model and numerous paid DLC packs means the community is split up horribly. Unless you've purchased everything, which massivly increases how much you have to pay, your experiance in multiplayer will be limited. Even if you've sprung for the Season Pass, the lack of compatability with other version of the same game means that the community is arbitrarily split up for no reason.The second, is buy it on sale. The campaign is really the only reason to buy it, and it's not long enough to justify a full 60$ purchase.Now with that said, the campaign is fantastic. A well told sci fi romp through the solar system with interesting and compelling characters, voiced by an incredibly talented cast. The missions are varied from straight forward gunfights, to sneaking onboard enemy ships to sabotage them, to some light flight combat sections. After buying the game on sale, I was very pleased with what my money had bought me and the campaign is absolutly excellent. While gun variety is in somewhat short supply, I never felt that hindered my enjoyment, however if you're the type who needs eight-seven bazillion guns in your game, you will keenly feel that lack. The campaign will run you between five and ten hours depending on familiarity with CoD and difficulty. Repeated playthrough is a little lackluster, since it's the same every time and level design is linear. This is a theme part ride, not a sandbox, though an enjoyable one, if you get it on sale.So to sum up:1. Campaign is Great2. Only buy the game if you're buying for the campaign.3. Only buy if on sale as the full price is too much for just the campaign.
Although I have not played it much i do know that the multiplayer and campaign are HORRID, that being said I do quite enjoy the zombies or 'bonus gamemode'.  Like most recent Call of Duty's it the reason I play, if you have the money and you enjoy zombies I'd say buy it, its worth the experience but it gets old FAST.  I'm yet to play the DLC's but hopefully its a different story.If you have the extra money and wanna try some new zombies buy it.Those are the only circumstances in which you should buy the game.
Great story. Multiplayer needs work. If you enjoy the regular Call Of Duty Campaign I would reccomend to buy it but if you play mainly for Online then don't buy!
Great single player campaign. Multiplayer isn't as compelling to me. Runs great at a steady 120fps at 1440p on gtx 980ti.
Love Infinite warfare got it for x-mas from my mom lol i usually wait and let her buy it for me for x-mas
The campaign was awesome. Have not tried Zombies for more than 10 minutes but it seems fun. The multiplayer mode is a big complex when compared to earlier Call of Duty games, but once you play it for a little bit it's not too hard to figure out.
good game
Only recommended if you want play Zombie modus... Multiplayer and SP mode are very very bad :/
I think the overwhelming negativity is unfair from an objective standpoint. I personally bought this game for the zombies mode and purely in terms of size and scale zombies is at its height, introducing new and innovative themed maps putting a spin on the normal Treyarch formula. I personally have over 50 hours and plan to have many more just on the zombies mode and plan to have many more with the release of more dlc maps. This game doesn't exactly push the boundaries in the multiplayer or campaign, but if you find even one part of this game is interesting to you there is enough content to play for hours and I would definetly reccomend buying it if that describes you.
I have purchased this game over a 50% discount weekend and so far I am very glad I did!! I have only played custom games versus bots so far and couldn't find an online match, but from what I can tell so far,-The graphics is very good!-The game is definitely better optimized than Black Ops 3 on my computer.-The physics and impacts and gun reloads looks very nice.-The graphics looks good and quite similair on normal to high settings.-The sound of the weapons sounds cool!-The map design looks great.I have only tested the custom games so far, but it definitely feels like one of the best Call of Duty's I have played so far gameplay- and movement- wise. Furthermore, I still have to play the other parts of the game sothat I can find out why it is getting such bad reviews, because from what I can tell it looks like a great game to be played with friends.In addition, I also liked the WW2 themes, but this future theme adds other mechanics and fun to the game and maybe more features which makes multiplayer fun.//further editEven though the theme is not traditional Call of Duty, I can see that developers, Infinity Ward and Raven, have actually put A LOT of effort into making this game great for what the theme is; including the artists and sound technitions. The only downside is that very few people are playing multiplayer.Some more pros,-The campaing and zombies have really nice features, quite a few famous models of actors, of which I have seen so far; including,  *Conor McGregor (an MMA champion),  *Head actor of the old Baywatch series as a DJ in zombies,  *Actor from (Game of Thrones) as main enemy in campaign,  *Actor playing the role as head of D.E.O (green marsion) in supergirl,  *Louise Hamilton (Gran Prix World Champion) working at a computer just before armory on spaceship in the campaign. Furthermore,-The graphics animations of the weapon shooting and reloading is great, 2 animations for reloading when the magazine is empty or non-empty.-The characters faces looks very real, and the design of everthing looks very good!-When you revive in zombies you can play arcade games in the reviving room, before deciding to go fight more zombies again.-The 3D environment looks great with good texture detail and shadow and lighting effects.This game has the potential to be great if more people play multiplayer.
Multiplayer is broken very badly but story mode is great and I am satisfied with that story.Annnd if you want to buy this game just story or multiplayer price is too damn high so it is up to you to decide.I actually like story mode.I just recommend it for story mode, nothing else....
running well on my 750ti and multiplayer is alive!!! only TDM.
Zombies is the only decent part and its... meh.
Dude i need my game back dude for same price i think i know how to fix my problem now please please do not ignore this comments !
I like this game BUT!!!why is my call of duty iw uninstalling every day
I initally purchased this game for access to the remake of MW.   I have played it through and whilst it was OK, it still doesn't match up to Tom Clancys, The Division.I think one flaw with just about every COD I have played, is that if you advance past an enemy, the enemy just seems to miraculously forget about you.   With The Division, they hunt you down unless you run for what seems forever.I understand different developers, different ideas, but for me COD is just lacking.I cannot say that I would recommend the game, but on the same token, I cannot say that I wouldn't.   It would be down to your personal taste to be honest.   Having said that, I do not resent having bought the game, but its likely to sit in my library, maybe brought our when friends are around.I hope that my review helps others deciding whether to purchase or not.If I were to score it, I would say 60 to 70 out of 100.I do dislke the fact that I have *HAD* to select YES or NO to the question of recommendation, when I really didn't want to answer either way.   Nice one Steam!!!
I initally purchased this game for access to the remake of MW.   I have played it through and whilst it was OK, it still doesn't match up to Tom Clancys, The Division.I think one flaw with just about every COD I have played, is that if you advance past an enemy, the enemy just seems to miraculously forget about you.   With The Division, they hunt you down unless you run for what seems forever.I understand different developers, different ideas, but for me COD is just lacking.I cannot say that I would recommend the game, but on the same token, I cannot say that I wouldn't.   It would be down to your personal taste to be honest.   Having said that, I do not resent having bought the game, but its likely to sit in my library, maybe brought our when friends are around.I hope that my review helps others deciding whether to purchase or not.If I were to score it, I would say 60 to 70 out of 100.I do dislke the fact that I have *HAD* to select YES or NO to the question of recommendation, when I really didn't want to answer either way.   Nice one Steam!!!
Not bad
The hate is not real. This is actually a really great Call of Duty game by Infinity Ward and I used to think that they were the lesser of the teams that make COD now. This one is great, I'm really enjoying it. Single player campaign is solid and I'm glad to see that they haven't frailed out on that. And as for the multiplayer, I mean it's call of duty, not really anything wrong with it. It's naturally fun and I kind of enjoy the weopons in this one, keeps things kind of fresh. I also feel like this locomotion in this one is the most fluid compared to Black Ops 3 for example, how you can transition from directional slide, jump and and into a wall run while shooting, feels really good and refined.I was glad when I heard that these teams now have longer development times and I believe that it shows in their recent games  becasue I think that the last 3 COD games that have come out have been pretty great and I'm really liking them. But gotta give Infinity Ward props on this one, can't wait to see what they do on their next one.
Idk why people hate this game so much, its really really fun. The only reason why i think people hate this game, and why people will hate me, is because the fans of Call of Duty weren't listened too. I personally like this game way way more than the other two futuristic COD's, yet they have higher ratings.
i love the game so far but i don't like the fact that i pay for it and i cant enjoy it because of too much cheatersplus they take too long to be banned because it's not fair at all for fair players"....i would love the job to identify cheaters because they all have a winning patern at the end of gameing  because they usualy get outrageous kills and hardly get  killed plus always first place.....please reply
The game play files like MW3 at its prime days.
WOW... This game is the best game from the Call Of Duty series.... i dont know what others dont like at this game.... the multiplayer its fine ... zombies is ok play with your friends joke around... and the story.... its the best....why did i finish the Campaign....
PLEASANTLY SURPRISED. I used to buy the new CODs on release day every year. They started getting worse and worse, though, and this game was the first COD I didn't get on launch day. I refused to pay full price for a game that I was sure would disappoint me. Then, the legacy edition (Modern Warfare Remastered included, was something I wanted much more than IW) went on sale for a reasonable $50 on Amazon, so I decided to give it a shot. I. Simply. Don't. Understand. The. Negative. Reviews. I have put many hours into this game now, and the multiplayer is the most fun I've had in COD multiplayer since MW2. It's fast paced. It's fluid. The graphics look great on Ultra. With an open NAT type, the multiplayer is smooth as butter. The weapons are so cool. I love balancing between energhy and ballistics. The leveling system and scorestreaks are addictive. In 100 multiplayer matches, I think I only ran into two cheaters. That's excellent for a PC game.Next, there is the zombies mode. I've been a fan of zombies for a long time, but did not enjoy them on BO3 or AW. The new zombies mode in IW is fantastic. The 80's stlye over-the-top gameplay is simply a BLAST, especially if you're playing with friends. They made it more simple, which is welcoming after the nightmare of complexity on some of the maps in BO3 (I'm looking at you, Shadows of Evil). While it is simpler, there is still a TON of content and things to be done.I haven't even tried the campaign yet, but have heard that it's the game's strongest asset.Bottom line: this game gives me the desire to come back and play more every day- something a COD hasn't done for me since MW2. Please, ignore the blind hate reviews from people who hate just to hate. If you've ever loved a COD game, you will love this. UPDATE: I've been playing COD games since COD2 on Xb360. This is my 2nd favorite of all time. The multiplayer is great, but the zombies mode is FANTASTIC.My score: 8.8/10
Overwhelmingly negative reviews?  These children don't know what makes a good game.  Most COD players review the game based on how well they personally perform in that game.  If they get more kills in Black Ops III vs. this game, they call the game trash and give it negative reviews.  That is the number 1 reason people did not like this game was because they weren't good at it, so they left and went back to BO3.  People are also complaining about the matchmaking lobbies being dead and hackers.  That has nothing to do with the quality of the game itself and shouldn't be a reason to score a negative review.  The hackers are using the same hacks and the matchmaking system is the same for the past 5 COD games.  No new issues there.  Then you have the people that think it's popular to trash things.  They jump on the bandwagon and hate on this game because they think that is the cool thing to do.  So when you see OVERWHELMINGLY NEGATIVE on the reviews, it has to do with these issues and not the game itself.How is the game itself? The multiplayer experience is very solid.  You feel a little more grounded than the movement in BO3 which is a good thing.  The game pace is just a little slower.  People say they want "boots on the ground" and yet complain when they cant fly to the other side of the map in 3 seconds to get 6 easy spawn kills.  That was the problem with BO3.  The maps were too small.  Here the maps seem to be more of a grid or maze pattern which seemed to fix most of the spawn killing issues that plagued BO3 for me.  The weapons are way more unique and interesting than the weapons in BO3 and the perks are more effective and the specialist abilities are WAY more effective.  The game feels like a slower paced but more refined version of BO3 for me.  But the idiots reviewing this game aren't getting 40+ kills per match so they call it crap.  I feel bad for the people who actually designed this great game who are being judged by the hordes of immature people who are eager to call a game crap just because it's not exactly like their favorite past COD game and because they don't get as many kills. For these elitist gamers, its not the game that matters, but how that game can best fuel their ego.  And if they aren't as impressive right away in the new game, they bash it and go back to whatever game they were playing before.  Long story short.....this is an interesting addition to the COD franchise with some fun new developments in energy weapons and game play and specialist abilities.  The maps , the combat, the weapons, and the movement all feel like slight improvements over BO3.  Too bad the community for COD is too infantile and elitist to notice or care about anything other than their scores and their egos.
Campaign is really good multiplayer is good and zombies is fun. Only con i have for this game is that its making me get a new graphics card cause i can barely get 30 fps while using my gt 730
the campaign was much better than bo3 was 8/10the multiplayer was ok... i think it was better than bo3 mp 6/10and zombies was just great !  i enjoyed it so much that i had to complete it 100 % 10/10
this is a great game for all of u that r being cry babys bcuz of the free weekend error quit disliking it bcuz nobody will even buy the game and not much ppl play it bcuz or the "overwelmingly negative" results when there isnt anything wrong with the game and there is for u not cod iw problem its ur buy new pc or just get a diff game stop doing this bs♥♥♥♥♥♥and grow a pear will u!i reccomend this game alot!
Not the best but i personally love it
Although it gets a hell of a lot of hate it's not a bad game it's actually really good and I enjoy it very much. It's optimization is between decent and good although I play it on a $300 potato from Walmart with most of the settings at low, I still get on average above 30 fps which in my book is perfectly playable. Not too shabby infinity ward, not too shabby
10/10 would rather play no mans sky
Too many haters on this game. The zombies alone is definitely worth it.
love the game dont know why other people hate it but its tier oppinion.GOOD JOB INFINITY WARD!!!
works better on ultra great and sounds good 19.99 a great pirce .
I'm one of the seemingly few people who mainly play CoD games for the single player campaign.So far I'm really enjoying the game. As usual, the presentation is top-notch and the controls are as tight as ever. The "story", such as it is, is MUCH easier to follow than most CoD campaigns, with a fairly linear plot that doesn't bounce around a lot like some previous titles in the series. The level design is a bit more close ended in the various ways you can choose to approach each situation, which, while fast paced and fun, is a bit too restrictive in comparison to other titles. However, there is a point in the campaign where you have the freedom to choose which missions you tackle next; it's implementation is shallow (doesn't matter what order you do them in), but is a welcome design risk that ultimately adds the feeling of a bit more control over how the story progresses.So far my biggest complaint would be that the weapon language is all changed around from others in the series, being based so far into the future... it's led to a couple confusing or unclear moments where I wasn't quite sure what each weapon was/how it's differentiated from other weapons. Minor, but sort of annoying. Hacking into robots in the middle of combat was a lot of devious fun, and the Energy weapons vs Ballistic weapons being effective at different roles was a nice little addition that works within the game's setting. The space dogfight segments are arcadey fun with some fantastic visual and auditory design, but ultimately forgettable from a gameplay standpoint.I honestly don't get what all the hate is around this game (the campaign at least). Sure, it moves even further away from the core formula that Modern Warfare established, but if the game didn't have "Call of Duty" in the title, it would be a fantastic AAA FPS in its own right. Worth a purchase if you can get it for $30 or less if you are only into the campaign like me.Win10i5 34508gb DDR3 1333 RAM8gb Radeon R9 390x
gfgfggfgfgfgf
I personally enjoyed this game. I haven't played a cod game since Ghosts, and while I still don't like the jetpacks and all the flashy stuff. The multiplayer was suprisingly fun and fast paced. as I have not played the singleplayer or zombies yet I cannot give a full review however based off of the time I spent in multiplayer I can recommend this game ----------------------------------------------------------------------------Downsides -activisions prices on steam-micro-transactions -Peer-to-peer ----------------------------------------------------------------------------upsides -fun mulitplayer-good ranking system-great gun sounds-easy to pick up/put down-----------------------------------------------------------------------------This review is based off of multiplayer only due to the free weekend only giving access to multiplayer
Amazing
I have been reading through some reveiws on this game and seems no one knows how to actually be honest so after 40 hours of playing within a week I would like to say something actually helpfull. Lets start off with the negatives for this game. Yes, you will play multiplayer with prestiged people, hope you dont get your♥♥♥♥♥whooped but get addicted to leveling up and whooping some♥♥♥♥♥yourself.   No, this is actually one of the more in depth campaigns for call of duties I have seen. Now mind you I did not play Ghosts that much (Lets be honest who did) But on playstation 3 I have been playing call of duty since World At War up to the release of Ghosts and the freedom you get in this new campaign is honestly amazing! Now the campaign does start off very annoying and starts off feeling just like any other COD campaign in all honesty. Well cool no one cares, first of all the whole game is around 60(ish) GB to download, the free weekend is 30(ish) GB so no your not getting everything for free on a free weekend which really irritated me. But no one goes out to buy a COD for the campaign, most people play the multiplayer, and Zombies but no you dont get Zombies for free either which♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to honestly. Not so much, theres alot more depth in it this time around then I honestly expected. I was shocked to see you get to decide your own missions (whether its a story mission or side mission) although I would have liked to see the side missions be more impactfull, but all in all I am very impressed with  how different this campaign feels from the traditional COD recipe of the campaigns. Its a COD game and the multiplayer playes like one, so dont be that idiot that downloades it on free weekend or buys it and expect it to play like a battlefield game or CSGO THATS NOT WHAT THIS IS, this is a COD game so treat it as such. If you dont want a COD game then dont buy a game with "Call of Duty" in the title. But the multiplayer does have a little bit of pay to win but nothing I have honestly noticed. I started out without paying a dime and could hold my own against the higher prestiges, and even when I spent some cash on the supply drops I didnt suddenly start destroying games I maybe even started having a harder time. Zombies is amazing! First of all you dont need 4 people anymore to do any easter egg so if some D-bag randomly leaves your still a-okay, not to mention you get to customize your stuff, zombies is what I am honestly going to be playing most off and if you can get thise for 50% off just for the zombies DO IT. Its worth every penny there is a leveling system and cards you get to intensify and adds so much more depth to zombies then just learning how to train zombies and do easter eggs all day.Well I havent seen an honest review for this in the top section for a while and I got tired of idiots saying "Got it for free and still dont want it". So to those who want an honest opinion here it is. Your buying another call of duty, the multliplayer is just like another call of duty for the most part, zombies and the campaign are a different story. Also if you skeptical and arent sure then buy it on sale if you care about zombies.All around if you like COD and/or did in the past this is an awesome game to get back into it.
I Played the S**t out of it on on xbox one , so that's why i have barely any gametime on pc, this game is better than CoD Black Ops III And that's a good thing Almost everyone who give's this game a "Bad Rating" is just because they are bad at the game or jump on the train with what other people say to give this game a bad rating on purpose so f*** those people ;)the only bad thing about the pc version is that PC People get left behind on Double XP Weekends etc what i don't understand cause the pc playerbase is small so the should especially give them on pc because of it but yeah :p
One thing is DONT PLAY THIS GAME ON A LAPTOP XD
I don't play these games for the online experience.  I have enjoyed the campaigns of every call of duty i've played.  They have been enjoyable for what they are.  Are they perfect?  no, but they are certainly better than the hate they get.  This game is no exception.I personally loved the setting, i thought it was a nice change of pace.  Gameplay was solid, i enjoyed myself, controls were responsive with both the keyboard and mouse and gamepad.  I ran into no real  issues aside from some poor SLI scaling, but the game still ran fine.I don't seem to understand the overwhelming hate this game is getting.  If it is multiplayer related that would explain it, because i don't touch the online component, because the communities tend to be toxic.Overall as a strictly single player experience it was a bit short, i clocked about 8 hours into the campaign, and i did every mission available including all the side missions(and enjoyed them all, though the ship controls are a bit wonky in dogfights).  So for full price it's asking a bit much.If you enjoy a solid single player shooter campaign and can snag this for 50% grab it.
All jokes aside, this game honestly isn't that bad. It seems like most people hate on it just because everybody else hates it. Yes, the servers could be better, the community could be better and more populated, it could use some optimization updates, balancing updates, etc, but if you like any of the Call of Duty games, you'll be right at home.Buy it while it's half off, and play it with an open mind. I played over the weekend for free, liked what I played, and still reluctant about my experinces with the CoD franchise from before, I decided to buy it. Really, this game has a few minor issues that could be easily resolved and it would be a much better experience. Don't be that guy that rips on CoD just because it's CoD. The gameplay is fluent as expected, the graphics are amazing, and with an entry level gaming PC I built in November of 2016, I can run this game on high preset with no issues, other than the occasional stuttering which is the game's fault, not my PC's.
Come on people please play call of duty infinite warfare and call of duty modern warfare remastered again who stops playing that game because I think they fixed that problems in the game, that game stills has a bit of lag in it but if you play on your default settings on the game you won't get as much lag at all just in beginning and it's still playable to play that games in there.
This game is really good. However, the multiplayer takes quite a while to find a free-for-all match. The only matches you will be able to find instantly is the TDM. Overall, it is a good Call of duty experience with a good campaigne and zombies mode. It is worth picking up at least when it's on sale. If you liked Call of duty Advanced Warfare, you are going to like this as well.
amazing thiss game is amazing people need to stop thinking they can play games on a toster with tweeks its not just get a better wepons
blah blah blah insert words here_______________________________________________________________________________
I know other people would say "dont buy infinite warfare because its trash" but i highly suggest that you play it. I know people want the game to be boots on the ground but still try it. If you dont like it then you can always get a refund. Infinite warfare is just like black ops 3 but infinity ward's version. Overall i would recommend buying this game.
its a good game, try to keep up!
awesome
Bought it cheaply. As i did all CoD's, i bought, since i'm not interested in Multiplayer whatsoever.But i  liked the Space setting. Wouldn't care for Modern Warfare 18-35 or Black Ops 15-21.Its actually ok. I probably miss something. I don't really get what the fuss is about. At least it made it get cheap quickly. Main problems are common CoD ones. Like very linear levels. The space(!) setting would have been a chance to go a little more open. Bit of  wasted chance in many respects. Still, it's a decent shooter in an interesting and very unique setting. And looks good.It's certainly not "overwhelmingly negative" worse then all other CoDs.Probably my last CoD for a while as it's apparently going back the be the 17500st WW2 shooter borefest now.
I like this game, but I only play the campaign, don't do online to many cheats and children.
I like infinite warfare.Quite a lot.It's hard to recommend though. Poor weapon balancing and insulting microtransactions plague this game. But I can't stop playing it. It's movement feels more fluid than Black Ops 3 (for the most part, jumping no longer makes you a snail but the wall-running is a bit bizarre) and being called a hacker is the best feeling ever. See comment section.The campaign is pretty good. Haven't finished it though. The space battles are quite enjoyable.Multiplayer is good, microtransactions bring it down though. I have to give Infinity Ward some credit for giving Season Pass owners more benefits such as access to the base DLC weapons and the Days of Summer thing is pretty cool, sort of.However, lack of balance in the multiplayer is a massive stumbling block, the abundance of unfair epic weapons, the reaver's spite fueled existence and akimbo hornets can infuriate a person extremely fast.Zombies is decent, not as good as BO3 but has more customisation in terms of weapon mods and your weapon variants pass in to zombies, so that's nice.If you can tolerate shoddy weapon balancing and the microtransactions, then yes I do recommend this game. If you don't, well I'd advise against it.
I honestly like this game I don't understand why so many people dislike it
best game
The campain is not that bad, i enjoyed playing it but i wont even try to play mp. bought this game only for mwr.Recomend because of campain.
Honestly, the campaign isnt too good starting off, the multiplayer is semi decent, but the zombies is what really makes this game good
Picked it up during the sale.Infinite Warfare is actually probably the best title in the CoD franchise since MW2.  The story mode is in depth and has a wealth of content to enjoy, including limited choice in how you do missions and what order you do them in, A variety of weapons, some balistic, some energy based, with all the staple attachments that are in CoD. They go a little wacky with the grenades and special weapons, but not in any way that detracts from the game. The story actually has alot of cool space combat too, which actually really surprised me, and they are enjoyable to play, which is an even greater surprise.There is a WHOLE lot going on in the zombies mode too, which I still haven't even scratched the surface of myself. There is only one map, which feels a little content-lite, but that one map has a GREAT theme to it, with a great soundtrack, with  a ♥♥♥♥♥ON of stuff to do easter-eggs and secrets wise. You have to collect parts to weapons, feed zombies to traps and do some crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥for aliens, break some teeth off a crazy chomping aligator thing... Thats just the stuff that I've learned from playing with the high level people online. You can also customise your weapons for the zombies mode, which is cool. You can skin your weapons and put attachments on them and whatnot.The multiplayer is pretty standard CoD multiplayer, Albeit it sucks that the special weapon skins reward P2win in the form of stat boosts for said special skinned weapons.At least its not just the same game again LIKE BATTLEFIELD 1 which everyone is eating up without realizing. People said that CoD was getting stale, so they changed it, BIG SURPRISE everyone hates it more because its different. This said, I have no personal preference, I dislike both games, but at least with infinite warefare I have a solid campeign and a sweet zombies mode. I'll stick to overwatch for my pvp needs.
I love every call of duty game I play... well not every game. But this is NOT one of the games that I don't like. I love Infinite Warfare. So many people hate the game, it might be the future, space setting in the game but I like it anyway. If I get into bad lobbies in Multiplayer, I can play Zombies or Campaign. There is always something to do. Also in Zombies, it is awesome that you can get keys from playing Zombies. It makes it so much easier to get keys. That is also because I don't get any keys in Multiplayer for some reason. Those are some of the reasons why I love the game. It was only 2 reasons but I can't remember them all because I like every COD game I play.
It's cool to hate Call of Duty.Look at all that edgy kids writing bad reviews.It's not nearly as bad as people describe it to be. It's quite fun actually tho I enjoy the MW remaster more.
Have been a fan of the Call of Duty series since the first one. United Offensive stole my childhood in a good way and here I am as an adult for the next entry into the series. Infinite Warfare. I am a gamer with strict rules and my number one rule is SINGLE PLAYER campaigns are played first. Infinite Warfare has a pretty heavily scripted campaign (like most COD games) and there are some truly eye opening set pieces that will punish the senses and your computer. The single player is not very difficult nor lengthy so I would suggest playing on a hard difficulty or you will be through in less than 6 hours. The core mechanics seem to be the same as previous entries into the series but there are some pretty cool new features and game playing that inject some freshness into it (Space battles are a major highlight) I was a bit dissapointed with the available weapons but they shoot well with satisfying effects.Multiplayer is sadly where this game drowns itself. Zombie mode is brilliant, content laden destruction derbies that leave you sweating. A beautifully realised environment that is HUUGE! Good luck finding players though. I have sat in lobbies for over 45 minutes with no players joining. Same with regulation Multiplayer. The game modes on offer are enticing and you want to try them out but for me, Lobby waits and only the ability to join Team Death Matches has taken away some of the enjoyment. You will wait long time!Overall I can see why this game is hated on. It is not exactly a step up but it is still fun when it works IF it works. Singleplayer for me was definitely a highlight. I got into the story and characters which in my opinion are pretty well created. I really want to enjoy multiplayer but the wait times/lack of players make this a difficult task. I believe you will enjoy this game for its single player visuals and fast paced campaign. On completion of the campaign harder difficulties are unlocked so there is a small amount of replay value there. Do not buy this game if you are looking for Multiplayer action. You will only frustrate yourself and probably anyone you live with or attempt to play with. Mongo score: 6/10
Have been a fan of the Call of Duty series since the first one. United Offensive stole my childhood in a good way and here I am as an adult for the next entry into the series. Infinite Warfare. I am a gamer with strict rules and my number one rule is SINGLE PLAYER campaigns are played first. Infinite Warfare has a pretty heavily scripted campaign (like most COD games) and there are some truly eye opening set pieces that will punish the senses and your computer. The single player is not very difficult nor lengthy so I would suggest playing on a hard difficulty or you will be through in less than 6 hours. The core mechanics seem to be the same as previous entries into the series but there are some pretty cool new features and game playing that inject some freshness into it (Space battles are a major highlight) I was a bit dissapointed with the available weapons but they shoot well with satisfying effects.Multiplayer is sadly where this game drowns itself. Zombie mode is brilliant, content laden destruction derbies that leave you sweating. A beautifully realised environment that is HUUGE! Good luck finding players though. I have sat in lobbies for over 45 minutes with no players joining. Same with regulation Multiplayer. The game modes on offer are enticing and you want to try them out but for me, Lobby waits and only the ability to join Team Death Matches has taken away some of the enjoyment. You will wait long time!Overall I can see why this game is hated on. It is not exactly a step up but it is still fun when it works IF it works. Singleplayer for me was definitely a highlight. I got into the story and characters which in my opinion are pretty well created. I really want to enjoy multiplayer but the wait times/lack of players make this a difficult task. I believe you will enjoy this game for its single player visuals and fast paced campaign. On completion of the campaign harder difficulties are unlocked so there is a small amount of replay value there. Do not buy this game if you are looking for Multiplayer action. You will only frustrate yourself and probably anyone you live with or attempt to play with. Mongo score: 6/10
TL:DR: Bold, innovative and against the grain.  This game combines space flight with an FPS, (brilliant gamepad flight controls).  Mission variety is wide including stealth, space flight and surprisingly good dog fights.  Excellent replayability via specialist mode which adds many new features and content that should have been in the main campaign on the easier modes as they are too good to keep for just the people willing to replay the game on the highest difficulty setting.  Several seemingly small changes add up to a worthy replay of an already very good game.8.5/10 will play through again.This game received a bad press when it was released last year and even months before it released simply because of the space setting. The trend was set from Ghosts that CoD in space was not well received.  From there the trend of space hate continued into Infinite Warfare.  There is a game hidden away behind a completion wall that once accessed changes several key aspects of gameplay (mainly in the FPS sections).  The changes are what make this game special.  Gone is regenerating health (a core staple of the CoD series) and in its place are med vials that you can carry in one of your four inventory slots leaving only one slot for grenades.  The remaining two inventory slots are used for special items such as a shield or a droid hacking tool a la Watchdogs and spare helmets as these can now be damaged (shown via cracked glass) and destroyed.  You of course need a helmet in space so carrying a spare is a must.  In this mode called Specialist (which unlocks after you complete the main game) you play through the same missions but with several added twists to the already CoD envelope pushing single player campaign.  So aside from the added difficulty (can withstand one-two shots) you have a visual outline in your HUD of your current health ie injury location and severity a la Carmageddon. You can also get your bones broken which you're shown via the aforementioned HUD outline and audibly via your suit a la Half Life.  Shot in the arm? Try and hit an enemy with a shot from a rifle using only one arm to aim.  Until you use your health vial (if you're lucky enough to still have one) you won't be able to aim properly or even catch your gun if it is shot out of your grip (that happened yes).  Inventory management, more please (a la Alone in the Dark 2008).
Look this game is fun give it a try.
RIP lame old fart COD, long live unrealistic FUN!
To start off I will say that I have NOT played the multiplayer portion of the game.  With that said, I really liked the game.  The graphics are really good, story is very interesting and flows nicely.  I found it engaging and worth the money I paid for it.   I got it on a 50% off sale, so was worth the money.The only draw back I have found is that there is stuttering and sync issues in all the CUT scenes.  Not enough to not be able to follow the story, but DEFINATELY very annoying.   From a quick internet search it is a VERY popular problem so I am not sure why it hasn't been fixed yet.
dude this game is great and i dont see why people dont like it
i enjoyed the campagain because it was good and it wasnt as predictable and boring like cod bo3 and advanced warfare i am really enjoying the zombies mode because in my opinion it is one of the bests because the easter eggs arent too easy or too hard and its generally just funim not to keen on the multiplayer on this call of duty beecause i just dont enjoy it but it is still very good!
Awesome , fantastic as always..huge series fan..PS :People are different and have a different taste for thing , what u don't like and disinterest you , others love and find it really interesting ,, this is how life is , not just games..never disliked any COD game , let alone hated one , they all very good games in my opinion and my taste..Huge fan always and always will be , looking forward for this year COD game.
i really like playing this game.
I was sceptical at first when i saw the reviews, but it turns out to be a great game. I do not know why most people are hating on it.
Excellent game with amazing graphics and incredibily innoovative gameplay. Good job INFINITY WARD.
Better than Battlefield 1!
Multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the singleplayer is a solid scifi shooter, 8/10."Everybody dies - the game"
Thanks for the negative review kiddos, got the game for unreal price, even tho i have not bought bo3 or advanced warfare in my life, this price was insta-buy for me. I have been playing cod games since cod2-ghosts and i coud say that i have a huge experience in the titles.ABOUT THE FREE WEEKEND - You expect activison to give full content on free weekend, so you coud just finish it and never buy it/play again? LUL Pros -Interesting/new gameplayFunny zombiesFast paced multiplayer, unlikely to get killed by a camper, like in the previous cods.Easy to get +30 kills per game and get loot box in around 4-6 games.Cons - 91FPS locked, thats quite unusual.Ground war is dead (my favourite game type of all time...)Sometimes i get some random stuttering but its gone after a few sec/shadow tweeking. (i know my specs are good for the game)
sure
nice game
Best single player game i've ever played so far. I can't even compare it this game is effing amazing. All the bad reviews I think are a joke, honestly I don't get it. Ive always been more of a battlefield fan, but honestly if this is the direction the New Call of Duties are gonna go I'll gladly start buying call of duty games again. I'm honestly sick of the same old games over and over. One of my favorite games ever was BF2142 and this reminds me of it. It also reminds me of crysis, mixed with titanfall, and some battlestar galactica. Playing this game is more like being a character in a movie, the graphics are simply stunning, there is so much action in it I want to replay it already just to go back and see what I missed. I love everything about this game so far and I haven't even played multiplayer yet. I just became captain of the ship in space and honestly I can say even if it is a short game I gladly would have paid for the game full price. Honestly, I just want to say all those people giving this game a bad review are crazy. I think the only problem with this game is they named it wrong. All the call of duty fanboys were expecting a clone and instead this single player masterpiece was released. The graphics are stunning and the story is amazing. I Feel bad for the Call of Duty developers like they take all this time to design something groundbreaking and new and different after making so many clones for the Call of Duty fanboys and then get $#!+ on by them, Sad,,,, Story 10/10Graphics 10/10gameplay 10/10fun 10/10This is a great game, I give it 10/10.. If they named this game different then call of duty I'm sure it would have been a 10/10. Just my opinion.
Zombies mode - The only reason to play this game!
Let me get one thing straight I Have not finished this game nor am i giving it a recommendation for it's multiplayer. The singleplayer is the best part of this game and is, in fact, pretty good I particularly enjoy the flying segments (which to be perfectly honest happen in basically every level) but then thats just me. If you prefer boots-on-the-ground run and gunning then there's plenty of that too and the singleplayer is definetly worth a play. With fun mechanics and an action packed almost movie like story and set pieces it makes for a fun time. The multiplayer however i cannot say anything good or bad as I haven't played a single. Bloody. Match. Because i can't connect to one. I checked my inernet and everything was fine, even played Battlefield 1's  multiplayer and everything went smoothly. Came back to this, found a lobby, game starts...lost connection to host. Now i know this has happened to a lot of other people, you just have to do a google search to find that out, and in that search you'll find activision staff all saying the same thing, "We're trying to fix it, honest".But with no connection in sight it made for a good excuse to jump back into the story. And tell me how in zombies on solo I lose connection to myself, the host. All in All the time i've spent playing the game has been fun and i don't knock the games story for a second (and frankly it's the best bit of acting i've ever seen Kit Harrington do I mean did you see Spooks). Despite it's flaws CoD IW is good game and worth your time. But if you want to pick it up do it in a sale.UPDATE: I finally got into a multiplayer match. And as you can probably tell from the lack of all caps it's not worth celebrating. Even though CoD hasn't had good multiplayer since MW3 I keep getting drawn to it and as it draws ever closer to being a complete rip off of Titanfall I don't know why I keep expecting it to be different. For example: The guns you only use to level up just so you can get the weapons with the best hip fire accuracy ( becuase let's face it trying to aim with one of the standard guns is like trying to control a trolly with a botched wheel), the jump pack that was added in AW and was garbage but somehow managed to get worse even after AW and BLOPS III had plenty of time to figure it out, and specials you hit the button to use, run round the corner ready to kick butt then get shot by a camper with a sniper rifle. And as my experience (and i use that word loosely as most of it was lying face down in the dirt after some bloke shanked me in the back with a combat knife) was only two games worth that was really all i needed to realise that, as per usual, nothing was different. I suppose CoD's multiplayer will never change and will forevermore be awful. Now this isn't going to change my previous opinioin on the game but will continue to make me annoyed that i paid £19.99 for one actually playable part of the game that's only really worth a tenner.
excellent campaign
A really fun game
I WAS FUN
its not bad like most people think
The multiplayer is inasne! Don't understand why this gets so much hate.
I only play for the single player and I thoroughly enjoyed this.  Great story, like a really good action movie, and I like the futuristic setting.  Good to see some space air combat as well, I've missed it (though no joystick support -_- ).  Lots of weapons but they could have been better differentiatied I think.  I wouldn't pay full price for this but I bought it on sale and am well satisfied.
I'm gonna support Infinty Ward and do not care about the hate that this game has. This game is good but you need to be good to play multiplayer as well. Do not blame Infinity Ward for this because they had to develop this game 3 years before hand in order to produce a product on they're year to produce a product. How would they know that jetpacks and futuristic gameplay died off because they would already been done with the game after all of BO3's season pass ended. They would have had to put a product out there because activsion wants the money that is why they would have made all those prototype weapons and weapon crates.This game is so brilliant and i really enjoyed the story of the campaign and multiplayer just felt great. Zombies in space land is also amazing because it's just for fun and not anything serious. I'm am a little disapointed in the attention the pc community is getting.In the end Infinity Ward have only done what they thought was right they are only human after all so keep it up Infiinity Ward.
is the zombie mode even worth it?
Jó a graf.
Call of Duty can't get any better.
i Recommend this game
jhgf
I actually had quite a lot of fun with it during the free weekend. A fast-paced, brainless shooting trip - that's what I like. Game mechanics are typically CoD, some like it, some don't. I like it. Then comes the futuristic scenario, which some like, some others don't. I like it.
really cool game. loved the futuristic feel. cant wait to buy it for real.
When I first saw how many people hated this game I expected it to be a bad game. I haven't played a Call of Duty since Black Ops 2 and I have to say I'm actually not disappointed. Infinite Warfare is a well made and original game. Hardcore Call of Duty fans probably just dislike it because of the future setting, but I like and it's money well spend. I'd give it a 8/10. It's not perfect but It's a solid game worth playing.
It's a good game. Better than I expected. you should buy it if you have the money for it, but wait until sale. The robots are a little bit too much for me and probably most of the negative reviews.
Actually this game is something between Black Ops 3 and Modern Warfare 2 and i would say this time combo of those 2 games are made successfully. I liked this game and i would recommend it to CoD fans.
Not as bad as people are making out!  I've been playing COD since the original and as for being a complete package it is! The campaign is solid with a decent enough story to keep you engaged till the end. I also really enjoyed being able to pilot a spaceship! It really felt like there was a living galaxy. It is also fun to be able to visit distant planets and each are true to real life. It is also interesting that you can read about each of the planets moons and there history. Overall very enjoyable and different enough to keep it fresh.TIhe multiplayer was a mess in the beginning and not having leaderboards is really a kick in the balls for me, but it is implemented now. I'm now having a blast grinding my way through it! Camos feature a tough challenge which is nice and is keeping me invested. Now everyone knows there is supply drops but I dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥honestly. I dont buy them and never will. For me it keeps me more invested to grind for that rare variant I'm after. It is a bit rediculous how hard it is to get the elite variants though! THey really need to increase the drop rates on elites!THe biggest issue and which I'm pretty sure most players are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about, is that the game still uses p2p servers and it is noticeable. There is often times where you get shot even though you were already clearly out of the line of fire. It is not game breaking for me anyway though. I am familiar enough with COD where im used to it but come on, dedicated servers is amust these days!!! Also as far as hackers I've run across only 1 as far as I know. If you are skilled at fps you will have fun with this game.
This game is really good to look at and fun to play but the single player is way too short.
What a gooood Game
It's actually good
Great game worth the money. very much so when its on sale for 30. Don't pay no mind to the negative reviews. A bunch of indie game playing kids who dont like cod. Its a SOLID tripple AAA title with high def graphics tons of content for 30 bucks. great great deal. Dont trust steam reviews when things like "honey pop" got great reviews lol. go out and try this game. Youll get your moneys worth. and get tons of hours of fun out of it.
Fun
Ok, let me set this straight.NEARLY everyone is only voting negative because of the hate train, most of the people played it for 0.2h and rate. That is stupid. Ok this game has it's fair share of badness, but so does mwr: Packed with hackers (both) fps problems (only mwr)LISTEN check out the game and then rate it guys, you are just following the crowd! I for myself acctually enjoy this game, for me it is simmilar to blops 3 but better.
It is a difficult game to recommend. Initially marred with a number of bugs and crashes (some of which I am still experiencing now), it has become a quite decent MP game, and an okay SP experience.I played the SP part twice, or almost twice, due to the fact that the game crashed during a video sequence, resulting in my save being corrupted, so if it hadn't been for that (and the choppy video sequences), then I would have happily "fully" recommended it, so I guess it depends on what you are playing - MP or SP, and if you will encounter the same issues I did. If you don't, then you'll likely enjoy the game a lot.
good game
People are far too harsh with this game.They even attempt to improve on certain instances, such as the map is color coded for different areas and it lets you know the name of the place you are at to give your teamates the chance to make call outs.  All guns can be obtained eventually through the crafting system which is a huge improvement over BO3.  Theres also no mouse lag issues as long as you turn off mouth smooth.  I had awful stuttering with BO3 which in this game I have next to none, though I may need to upgrade my ram.  The time to kill is far improved from BO3, it just doesnt make sense to have a slower TTK with a game where players have space jumps and this allows you to get doubles and even triples consistently opposed to BO3 my consistency was a lot lower.  Ive played almost all the CODs on PC check my games list for details on my hours but I played Black Ops 3 for 384 hours.But yeah I had a lot of fun playing this game on the free weekend and plan to buy it once it gets a little cheaper.
Decent COD game, nothing outstanding, but also nothing terrible.
hi
pretty a ok game if i do say so mt self
This is a good game. However it's just a bit to late. This is what Cod Ghost should have been; better graphics, somewhat new gameplay style and physics, in addition to other improvements. A very enjoyable game for any FPS gamer out there, but on a few premises. You need a beast computer, graphicscard should be 1060 or better. You also need to be interested in the call of duty genre, in addition to being good at the game. There is, believe it or not, skill required to succeed in the multiplayer part of the game. Singleplayer story 8/10. Multiplayer 8/10. Third game mode 5/10.
I don't know, why people hate this game so much? I liked to play that ALOT. Game is so cool! Graphics ar very good too. Positive, positive and another POSITIVE!
It's not a bad game, but it ain't what we asked for.
wow good
I don't see all the hate a bit of a lag in the dilog but thats a bout it a lot smother then gay ops 3 i hated that pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
I put in a good few hours during this free weekend into the Multiplayer, even though I went in with very low expectations as it wasn't something that I was particularly interested in, I was pleasantly surprised by what I found.I enjoyed the game, even though it was nothing new gameplay-wise, it was another BO3/AW, but it wasn't bad, even if I myself, despise the futuristic CoD's that seem to be the new -thing- for a franchise that previously was one of my favorites. The Multiplayer was for the most part pretty balanced, I was able to come into it as a newbie never having played it before and steal beat people who were max rank with Epic Skins and whatnot, most weapons seemed balanced, even if certain weapons such as the AR NV4 and SMG Erad were used a lot more than their competitors for the respective weapon classes, I had no issues using the other SMGs and ARs available without any issues and without feeling like I was an underdog in combat.The only major complaint that I had, was the fact that the "skins" or "editions" that they have added into the game made some weapons such as the Erad with one of it's Epic-"skins" changed the way the weapon worked, and not in a positive way, it made the gun incredibly overpowered in comparison to the regular version which I would relatively enjoyable both to use and play against.Overall, pleasantly surprised even if wasn't and still am not a big fan of the futuristic gameplay, and I hope that it goes back to boots-on-the-ground soon.
Played the free demo. Liked it. Bought it
The campain was nice I enjoyed the missions and the custom loadouts were a plus. But when I try play multiplayer connection to host is lost every time. Pleas fix it.
It is a Good game. Everyone punishes the game because is bad compare to battlefield 1. Yes battlefield 1 its a good game because its standed in the past while Infinite warfare is standed in the future. But still is a good game. I haved a lot of fun playing this game. Obviously has some bugs but that's not a reason soo that the people critics this game. I recommended 100%.
I really enjoyed the free weekend. I became lvl 27 in one weekend (I think thats high?).If I had more money I would definitely buy it.
Nice. I actually enjoyed the game My reviewsMultiplayer 8/10SinglePlayer 10/10Zombies 9/10
Positive for Infinite Warfare: Nice graphicsGood story and multiplayerA lot of camos and attachments on the weaponsZombies are better than other Call of Duty gamesNegative for Infinite Warfare:-
this is more fun than bo3       and its so cute that people still buy and play this game when they hate it already....lolwhy wil you waste your own time doing something you dont like?   anyway, it is a cod game so its solid in gameplay, not saying i love this game though but its not bad at all, its just a call of duty game..   i prefer this over bo3 as i actually dont like coloful maps, its feels stupid like clowns fighting easchother. the gunplay is so much better than bo3. in bo3 it feels like youre shooting marshmallow....i dont wanna type anymore      its better than bo3 IMO   but personally i wont buy this game unless its under 10 q
I think its a really fun game but just not for the money you need to pay for it. Some people like the gameplay and some just don't.
Super shooting game, graphic is amazing, i have played it on ultra settings and detail level is just wow... I have played for 2 days (free online multiplayer) and definatly will buy.I have not experience no bugs or similar, for me 10/10
Dude it is awesome. Why so much hate? The multiplayer is cool but the maps give me cancer because they are so small and so cartoony. The single player feels like the olf CODs and i like it. Having fun rit now.
Dude it is awesome. Why so much hate? The multiplayer is cool but the maps give me cancer because they are so small and so cartoony. The single player feels like the olf CODs and i like it. Having fun rit now.
This game is so much fun i really dont know why there is so much hate about it
Theirs nothing of Infinite Warfare *Literally*
good
i like the game
781
This game is so funny but there are few players
love
I forgot the last time I had so much fun playing unreal tournament. Double jumps, jetpacks, lazer guns! Thumbs up!
I really, really enjoyed the campeign on this one. If you're not into Multiplayer like I am, it is an absolute blast. I have no idea what all the complaining is about, it seems more like one big cirlejerk to me.
This game gets allot of hate, this is true. However, it is a good game. Now for those of you who do not know this. The Call of Duty Series is now undergoing a new THREE YEAR developement plan. I'm unsure of exactley what that means. IT could mean we are only going to get a new Call of Duty game every 3 years or it could mean that every 1.5 Years we are going to get a new game from infinity ward then a new game from treyarch. Infinite Warfare was started in 2014 so it is the first game to come out of the COD series to have such a long development period for as long as i can remember. Now down to it.Is this a good game? Yes it really is, so much hate with the overwhelmingly negetive review. DO NOT let this make your decision. IT IS a good game. It has great mechanics, balanced weapons, and an amazing story mode. Like i said, do not let the reviews of people who are  just jumping on the hate bandwagon make or break this purchase decision for you. Now i personally have swayed away from multiplayer on the PC because of uber tryhards who just destroy you and take away all the joy from playing entirely. I mostly purchase CoD games now for the Campaign and let me just say. I think that Infinity Ward struck gold with this campaign. Yes, it may have some rough spots. But overall it is a very very well designed story. It has a bit of an RPG feel to it. Allowing you to choose missions when and how you want and i find that very refreshing for a Call of Duty game. Great graphics, great smooth gameplay, great story, havent played allot of the multiplayer but that gets ehh....a 7/10 for me. So overall, it IS a good game. I would recomend it
Best Game Ever.
Seriously? "Mostly Negative"? This game is not NEAR as bad as what people make it out to be. You can tell Infinity Ward put a lot of work into this game despite all the hate it got. The negative reviews I've seen are mostly just on the CoD hate train (Mostly because it's 'cool' to hate on CoD, especially IW.). Probably the best campaign in the CoD franchise. Full of action, you get to choose your missions, space atmosphere is AWESOME. Story is great as well, may go a bit fast at times but the ending ans some scenes get really deep. Great writing. You can also scan weapons you pick off the ground and use them in the next mission (as well as modify it.). The last CoD campaign that intrigued me was Black Ops 1 and a little bit of Modern Warfare 2. So a CoD campaign that actually grabs my attention is really rare. The action, graphics, freedom, atmosphere, is really just spot on. If this game only offered the campaign, it would definitely be worth the $60.The multiplayer is alright. It's a lot like Black Ops 3 multiplayer. While not a fan of BO3 multiplayer, I still enjoy this one. The Rigs are basically specialists from BO3. This game offers a lot more of a variety of guns than Black Ops 3 did, like they actually gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the guns unlike Treyarch. The maps for multiplayer are also really cool, a whole lot better than BO3's. But overall, I'd say it's a small improvement for multiplayer. Still fun nonetheless.You'd think for a space game they'd add aliens as a side mode, but nope. However, IW zombies is very fun. Not near as good as Treyarch zombies, but I can tell that they put a lot of effort into making this mode. When you die, you can either spectate like normally, or you can walk around in an arcade playing old Activision games from the 80s to obtain "Soul Power" to revive yourself. I find this very innovative and fun. Yes, they ripped off Treyarch zombies, but not in a bad way. They still found a way for it to be fun and create something new for the zombies game mode. Can't wait to see future maps are like.Overall, this is worth the price tag. If you can get it even cheaper, then you're lucky and I suggest purchasing. The graphics are probably the best graphics I've seen in a CoD game. The only reason I've seen on why people hate this game is "becuz itz in space!!11 cod shuld be botz on ze ground!!!111" When they were literally complaining a couple years ago on why CoD is the same♥♥♥♥♥♥every year. Give this game a legitimate chance and I doubt you will dislike it. The only problem I have with it is I have to change my username to something short in order to play online, but that will most likely be patched soon. Anyway,Thank you Infinity Ward for putting a lot of effort into this game even when everybody is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on it. Good luck on your next CoD in 2019.
Honestly, this is not a bad game, as far as Call of Duties go. The gameplay is good, the weapon balance is great, the scorestreaks are good, and the supply drops aren't op. The setting is basically that of a halo game. The playerbase truly sucks for a brand new triple a title, though. IMO the only reason the reviews for this game are overwhelmingly negative is due to bandwagon haters of the setting, who blindly trash talk the game due to its setting and supply drops. The game is actually decent, and way better than black ops 3. The supply drops were well done, as the variants aren't actually op, and you can unlock whichever ones you want by saving up scrapI do recommend this game
It's pretty fun. I like it, don't know why it gets so much hate. It has a pretty solid campaign and decent enough multiplayer. Get it on sale for $15 or less.
This game made me know how triple game companies think like..... They only want the customers to be brain dead.....
ez
the reason i almost bought all Call Of Duty series not because multiplayer. Its because the single-player campaign!! Its packed full of action! I like the story they brought although kinda like cliche every time, but the action are kinda refreshing~! Well you need decent graphic card to enjoy this fast pace action game without lagging :)Right now enjoying it! "Call Of Duty : Infinite Warfare", kinda love the mission where you board the enemy battle cruiser, shutting down the defense and get out to let your allies battle cruiser destroying it :)So far if you see negative rating mostly on new COD games, not because its campaign.. its just people hated! They hated on technical issues mostly on "MULTIPLAYER" ! and some bugs because their pc can't handle it.. come on haters! stop whining
boi I love it xDI'm serious.
This game is amazing in graphics but after playing about an hour I could not stand playing due to the  lag and it taking a long time to get in a match, I know this is not down to my conection as I get around 100mbs. As  for campain i cant give a full opinion as i have not played it but I have seen it on youtube and I find my self interested in that.If your buying this for the campain and to see the awesome graphic art on this game then this will be for you, but i feel like the mechanics of this game could be improved. (As said this is mostly on multiplayer as its the only thing i had access to)Hope this helps- If you want more detail on the multiplayer feel free to comment or messege me and i will reply when possible.Also this is not a hate on the game fully as a learning Developer I know how difficult it is to design and make a game!!
its fun
how do i fix the fight or flight bug where the olyumpus does not appear
Nice SP campaign, don't care much about MP. Something new and fresh,
You know what ♥♥♥♥ the out cry, I wouldn't say I am a COD Fanboy but i do fancy myself some COD once and a while, but damn this game is not ♥♥♥♥in that bad, i mean its not the best but its not that bad, first of all this game 100% black ops 3, i hated that♥♥♥♥♥♥ is the best COD, no, is it the best future COD, Hell no that♥♥♥♥♥♥belongs to Advance Warfare, but you know what all you COD fanboys overreating, so just deal with it, and wait a year, i promise you will get a new COD
Its fun to play but not worth 80$ cad i would wait for a sale then i would buy it
Pls let me get the game for free i am broke and that would put a smile on my face cause i am trying ti make a utube channel
bruh
dank
I am going to write a review based on my experience with the PS4 version. Basically this game does have a lot of negative reviews but it's mostly surrounding the Campaign and Multiplayer. As for most COD games, this is rather the norm. My advice to any serious COD player is to just play the Zombies mode, which in my honest opinion offers far more value than the Campaign and Multiplayer. Zombies is a whole other game in itself, and it should be played as a separate game entirely. If you play the Zombies in Spaceland, and Rave in the Redwoods, suddenly Infinite Warfare doesn't seem so bad. Guess why? Because it was ripped off from the Treyarch Games, that do so well in both gameplay, and revenue. So, basically it's from an entire developer entirely in terms of spirit and idea. Play Zombies, stick to zombies, fight against a common enemy, and you won't be disappointed. Playing COD for the campaign is like watching porn for the plot.
It was cool.
last cod i bought was black ops2 and i had some fun with it.  I dont understand why this game gets such a bad rap.  It looks worse on youtube videos then it actually is.  Its the most fantastic game in the world but it is mindless fun.  I played the free version.  I wouldnt pay 30 dollars for this game but i would pay the 30 which it is on sale for.  To me, its just an ok fps.  Not♥♥♥♥♥♥ not great, but it can be fun and you will play for hours.
a nice game
Good game
I dont know why everybody hates on this game. its better than black ops 2 and aw. People just follow the hater bandwagon
Played the Trial over the free weekend. Had some fun but overall, this game is very mediocre.DISCLAIMER: Only have played Multiplayer, not sure about Zombies or Campaign Cons:> First off, optimizatinon is nowhere near as good as Black Ops 3. > Second, the servers aren't very good, as I experienced lag a couple times and have been kicked out of a game. > Weapon Variants, I HATE weapon variants, the fact that you can get a better weapon than normal casual players is very infuriating. > Game feels too easy. Either people are bad or I am really good, but this game is not very hard to get a hold of.Pros: > Pretty fun for those who want fast-paced FPS action> Similar to Ghosts or Black Ops 3 if you liked either oneOverall score: 6/10Wait for this game to go on sale before buying, do NOT pay full price for this. Not a terrible game, but come on Infinite Warfare. You guys can do much better than this.
not sure what everyone's issue is with this game, but i love it! one up for me.
As playing it on PC and Xbox, this game is a well built game, yes there is some major/minor flaws, but overall, if you take the time and effort into looking at what this game has to offer, you'd be blown away. The campaign is amazing, had a very fun time playing it and it's repeatable, you have side missions and the ability to go stealth or loud, the story overall was amazing. Replayability is somewhat okay, afterall you have +2 dificulties to use.The multiplayer however is fairly decent, you can tell the devs didn't put time and effort into some of the stuff, for example, when you put the foregrip on the R3K, you'll see it's identical to the normal grip. Varients of the guns are pretty good, they are simmilar to IW, but mostly has positive effects. Supply Drops aren't the most perfect thing, but the stuff infinity ward had to offer was overall good such as camos and rig customization. And overall gameplay is pretty good, not many people like chain-based movement but i'm a fan of it, not saying i'd like it to return in cod 2017, but a really good concept.Finally, zombies. I didn't play much of zombies because i'm waiting on the new map pack, but it has a pretty good storyline, the movie based theme to it wonders where you'll go next in the story, having been to the 80's and 90's, maybe they'll bring it to the 60's or where the campaign/multiplayer time period is. It's replayability isn't the best, but still fun.Overall rating 8/10, the game could use some work, but as i said before, it's a well built game, do I recomend it, only to some people if they like this game. Loved the game, it shouldn't get as much hate as it does.
I lOVE THIS GAME specialy free weekend , sorry guys for the kills btw<But seriously you guys crying for no reason , what do you want know ??? they give to you the best as they can , it is a sci-fi game in multiplayer and its cool ! i agrred that free weekend sould include zombies ... maybe next time im sure. i own the game in a different account , and i can say guys , Zombies are awsome in this game , its beautifull huge  maps, all freaking perks avaible, specials guns for evryone ...This is call of duty, and i will never bad quote on there game , i just buy the new one evrywhere , and i dont expect something extremly new or wow super mtf graphics dude... this is call of duty and i will always like it ! and ghost was amazing for the aliens need a new one
played for free, want my free back!!!
game is decent but not worth full price
I played during the free multiplayer weekend and actually do like this game. I feel that a bunch of people don't like it because they all jump onto the hate train or it's not traditional Call of Duty. This game could be fixed in some ways, but I really enjoy it.
What sucks is that so many people down vote the game, even though they have never played it. The game isn't nearly as bad as people think. I played the 2 day free event and ended up buying the game because it is actually decent. If you haven't played the game, don't vote on anything until you have actually tried it.
I tried the Free Weekend of this game, but. A litttle disappointed... It's not that bad, but... I like it :3P.S I don't own this game (I don't have it in my library)
Jesus christ reviewers like to complain. Infinite Warfare is a fun shooter with some non-linear elements in the single player campaign. Quit crying. If you like previous CoD games, science fiction, or FPSes in general, this game is worth your time.
Runs fairly well on a non gaming computer, kind of a grinding game but still. Works better on the XboxOne, but im using a non gaming computer so what do you expect? Getting it for free with the limited time offer only gives you access to multiplayer, no zombies, no singleplayer. I decided that I will wait until the price goes down, this is a fun game, just lots of grinding to get o the higher levels though.
Zombies Hella fun everything else = trash.
Okay so I am going against the norm here but I really enjoyed this game. Heres what I liked about itA. Supply drop system, Yes I know I am the devil incarnate for liking this system but here me out first. What I like about it is the crafting system, it essentailly lets you make what you want from drops. While this doesnt include taunts or gestures or customizations for guns it does include the really important part of the drops, variants. You get to craft these in a sort of crafting tree, I crafted the Ripper after 4 hours of gameplay, not only this variants have some really interesting ablilites that actually change the whole guns behavior making it a whole new gun.B. Gameplay this is a bad and a good but ill get on the bad later. Atleast during my time on the game the enhanced movement felt fluid and easy to use. I could esailly boost around the map and outmanouver my target confusing them and letting me get an easy kill of course some people complain about this but when you are using the duelist class,which is just two G18s, its essentail to outmanouver a target or they will shoot and kill you before you even have a chance to hit them.C. Weapons, wow I love most of the weapons ive used so far. Some guns like the Reaver or NV4 really tick me off jsut because they are so boring in terms of gameplay. But other ones like the Type2 and the Banshee are really cool in my opinion. Example the Type2 is an assualt rifle that can convert into akimbo pistols for close range combat. This means I dont need two weapons for close quarters I can just use this one and focus on perks or attacments. It doesnt have too high of a damage while in pistol form but there is just something so cool about shooting lasers from dual pistols to me. The richochet on some of the laser guns with attachments makes it easier to take out campers in corners without jeopardising yourself. Now for the things I dont likeA. Guns, Alright like i said before some guns just really tick me off such as the NV4. The Reaver shot gun is essentailly the brecci from Black ops 3 literally almost a copy paste. The differences being it doesnt kill as consitantly as the brecci but it shoots much faster and can be a one hit from point blank unlike the brecci regardless of headshot or bodyshot. Varients that have a custom glowing camo, this really irks me A. Its ugly B. It gives you away if your trying to hide behind cover due to it glowing pretty brightly. And C its only available in supply drops which is stupid. The NV4 is dumb as well not only is it the first Assult rifle you get is nothing more than just a fullauto rilfe, no cool conversion mechanic, no cool attament, nothing new just a plain old assualt rifle. Consistanly kills in 4 hits but can kill in one headshot meaning if a level one sprays it at you your dead no matter what especially in close quaters due to its really tight spread. I found this especially annoying when using the Type2 as it doesnt kill as fast meaning I would either have to be lucky and ambush them or hope they had♥♥♥♥♥♥♥aim.B. Lag, its not as bad as people say it is, atleast for me, but it seems everytime someone joins or talks on the mic it lags the whole game which is stupid. Secondly if someon pulls out something like the steel dragon, the payload or specialist weapon for the merk class, it lags for some reason and if someone is shooting a very high rate of fire gun it lags. I dont know why this happens but it does and it sucks.C. People, alirght this isnt a game issue but people can be really salty on this game. Withen two hours I have 5 people ♥♥♥♥♥ about how i was using the Banshee, an pump action soundwave? shot gun that has a very high range drop off. Then I had people ♥♥♥♥♥ at me for using the Type 2 another realitvly hard to use gun due to its low damage output especially when in akimbo mode. Really its stupid to complain aobut someone for using a gun they like I didnt complain aobut people using the reaver or NV4 while I was playing and those guns really are annoying at times Anyway thanks for reading I would perfer for people to not say im stupid for liking this game because lets face it like black ops 3 its a solid fun at times game its just not a good COD game if they want to keep making Cods like this name it something else and pass it off as a new game series and change things up a bit while giving COD back its good old boots on the ground feel thats my opinion anyway cheers.
20$ for the Legacy Pack. Retail FTW
I love this game's campaign, and desperately want a follow-up. Awesome moments, great set-pieces, really pushes the right buttons for me as a sci-fi fan. Story isn't too deep, but it's focused, and serves its purpose.
Multiplayer is trash I had to change my name to under 15 characters to play solo play is trash zombies fun don't wanna pay 60 dollars thou I would pay like 15
Campaign is brilliant and a very fun experience, especially on the Specialist difficulty. Multiplayer is an amazing, fast-paced experience. Zombies is meh. Graphics are amazing on max and it is well optimised. Overall 8/10 screw you h8trz.
pretty fun. almost the same as every cal of duty game just diffrent weapons and maps.
I have not had any issues from this game yet. I think from reading the comments most of you are just bad at the game and immediately blame lag or dropped frames etc. When in fact there is no problem with the game itself, just the simple fact that you have no patience, skill, or friends. FYI if you get melted over and over again don't blame hackers or lag just go into your parents kitchen, look under the sink and find a bottle that says "bleach", and proceed to kys. thanks.
Not that bad as people say...
You know, I actually really like this game. 9/10
Welcome To The Spaceshit
Note: This review is purley multiplayer. I played the free trial and could only have access to the multiplayer. Ok, this game is actually pretty fun. As more of a battlefield person myself, i did enjoy the gamemodes I PLAYED quite a bit. However, please do not buy the game at it's $60 price point. With the singleplayer and zombies acompanying the game, i would say you should get it when it's around $30-$40. Oh and by the way, you can't play the multiplayer if you have a stteam name above 15 charecters. i learned this the hard way. Overall i would give this game a 7.2/10
This is probably the best "searching for game" simulator out there, i would give it a 10/10.
The campaign is refreshing and the overall player movement and shooting is solid. There are few fps games out there that feel as good as IW. A few other notes:- no trouble finding matches- runs well on mid-range hardware (960 2gb for me)-overall atmosphere / environments are awesome.
This game is pretty good i must say.A lot of people hated it i dont know why.Campaign has a good story, Multiplayer is fun also the zombies are amazingmaybe people judge just by the title or the preview.i would rate this 9.5/10, i think futuristic is ok and fun."Dont Judge a book by it's cover"
No♥♥♥♥♥♥Sherlock, I know, but I really mean it.I was a bit held back by buying this game, even tho i had to pay only about 12$ for it,  , at least for me.I know that i'm gonna get some dislikes and hate on this review because it's a positive one- but hear me out on this: This game is not perfect. But i really like it. Why would i like such a bad game? Well, let me explain:1.  It's simply the best CoD campaign ever for me. Really fun, set in space, and i love space, pretty well developed characters, awesome ending and the ''after my death'' recording for every character really make you sorry for them dying, or feel them in some way.2.  Those are some of the most original weapon in a game, ever. Other games? Firerate, acurracy, recoil and damage. Here? Oh boy- You have a weapon that hipfires very well, but has a low firerate. Once you ADS, that firerate almost doubles. You have an SMG with an horizontal crosshair and spread. You have an assault rifle that splits in two and becomes two SMG's that destroy at close rage. An assault rifle that splits in two and becomes a melle weapon. Do i need to say more?3.  Some people say they look bad. That's not true if you don't compare it to BF1 on ultra. They look really good, and the color scheme is really good too! Looks like a colorful Ghosts, really enjoy it.4.  You can chose one of 6 specialists, each one having 3 weapons/gadgets and 3 abilities. So basicly you can make 9 combinations for every single one of them,  in total! They are all useful, my favore is by far the FTL jump and awareness, also the FTL phase shift.5.  ♥♥♥♥ those things dude. I don't like choosing carefully what to unlock, you just have them when you level up, that's it. Great. Neat. Awesome. Thank you.6.  They are not supply drop weapons, such as in BO3, you can get them for free if you have the season pass, if not, you will have to grind a little for them, not a lot, will take you about 5-6 days to get them, all three of them, so awesome, better then BO3, much better.Anyway, this is a really fun game by itself. I'm really enjoying it, and if you are  a classic boots on the ground harcore fan, you are gonna enjoy this, espacially if you are really agressive like me.Is it worth the 60$? I don't think so, but many games don't. Get it at a sale, deppending on where you live and how much money you make, 30$ is a pretty fair price for it.
the game is fine, idk what ppl are being so picky about. it will be what it is. campaign, check, online multiplayer, check. what more do you need???? 8.5 out of 10 its cod, my goodness there are other shooters. if you like bf, then play bf. it never claimed to be anything else......
I have only played for a very short while, but I enjoyed what I played.I feel like I am the only person who actually prefers these games to keep going into the future, or staying futuristic, with the mobility and stuff like that.I loved AW, I loved Black Ops 3. So far I am liking this one. I am sad that I probably wont have the money to buy it once the free weekend is up, but I'll probably be buying it at some point. Seriously some of these people need to calm down. It's a decently fun game that preforms well, and looks pretty good.
I see alot of pplz hate on this game and point out the bad things. Yet i almost never see anyone point out the good stuff. But if you get the game for the same price i did, i would recommend it.
Am I the only one who likes this game?
Well just finished the game and i have to say that this game is really really Fun !!works well on my 780ti (100+ fps on max settings 1080p) The story is interesting and full with emotional moments and overall really good side missions are quite repetitive but still fun if you like starships wars and stealth missions Over all great story great graphics great performance im glad i bought it ! :)
Uninstall button works well.
For all the haters out there, stop complaining this game isn't even that bad and we all know you guys are trolling
okey
even though it isn't really cod anymore, it still is a fun shooter that plays really fluently.
The "UNINSTALL" button works.
I buy it and i refund itRIP xD
there is alot of blind hate for this game. no clue why....i personally like it.. its better on console but its still a great game. if you think the game is so terrible then why dont you make a game thats better?? oh right you cant. show some appreciation for what infinity ward has done and quit complaining.
Actually pretty fun. It's a lot like Black Ops 3 but with better maps. Some performance issues in the menus and certain maps. Also a few hackers but that's probably from the free weekend. Overall a pretty fun game, not the best CoD, not terrible either. If you liked Blops 3 you will probably like this game.
it's actualy good for singleplayer
A wide majority of the reviews here are bogus! Reviewed by free weekenders and people that are bias against the game simply because it isn't more of the same. Bottom line it's a very solid video game with the best COD campaign to date. It's well worth the $30 I spent. I've never been more baffled by the hatred a game has recieved. All of the hate is unwarranted plain and simple.
A wide majority of the reviews here are bogus! Reviewed by free weekenders and people that are bias against the game simply because it isn't more of the same. Bottom line it's a very solid video game with the best COD campaign to date. It's well worth the $30 I spent. I've never been more baffled by the hatred a game has recieved. All of the hate is unwarranted plain and simple.
Is this a shader preloading simulator?This is the best and slowest shader preloading simulator out there in the market!
Here is a very simple review.Singleplayer : Best part of COD IW. It's really touchy.Zombies : Meh. It's fun but still.Multiplayer : Don't play online with people. Better is playing with bots.The game didn't deserve to get this much hate. I mean sure, complain about the yearly release and this is the final cod i'm going to buy, but before you jump on the hate train, please try it out.Thanks for reading and taking your time!
Yo this is good tf people saying lmao, not worth 60$ though.
The game's great. Good ol' Call of Duty. There will always be the haters, I mean... It's cool to hate Call of Duty right?I recommend it.Only complaint I have is the occasional framerate stuttering.I've only noticed it in 2 matches, but hey, I'm sure it'll get fixed soon.So not really a big deal.
Beautiful game. personally i think it is alot of fun and similar to black ops 3 which was epic. not regrets buying this.
search for a game for a hour and load in just to get disconnected the second i see select loadout. 10/10 would never recommend.
I Acually Like Infinite Warfare because it has nice graphic and maps and i think that people should acually play it.
Like zombies? Buy it. Don't listen to idiots who just like to say Infinite Warfare is bad. Unless you have a group you will be playing solo. Dont even try to find a public lobby, you never will and if you do they will leave. This game has a much better experience on console but if you have a group or a friend to play with get it on pc on sale. Zombies is really fun and Lee Ross is an excelent community manager. If you need a group try the r/cdzombies discord.My system:Keep in mind I run this game at 1440pi7-6700k @ 4.6ghz1060FTW 3gb16gb Corsair Vengence DDR4 ram 2x8I average about 60-70 fps (again I play in 1440p)
Im not really sure what to say. The COD IW is definatelly a great game , super fantasting gun fights , lots of weapons , its really suprisely good optimized and runs butter smooth on my rig , lots of game mods , lots of caracter to chose , perks , and stuff , the drop's are not really hard to get if your at least play in a midle range of a good FPS player.But there is a huge problem. The only mod played by the Public is constantly TDM , and even that mod is hard to get into a looby , and then there is another problem that simply kills it , even if you get into a looby to play it's sucks tottally for a new play that wana eynoj the MP and rank up the player and guns to unlock stuff to bekome better gameplay. Wonder why ? It's simple. No one wants to start a gameplay in our first matches again's players that are prestige whateva, with all OP guns. There is simply a small chance to get even 5x Kill's per match.Most of them are silent , most of them using drop weapons to kill you , example: AXE , Knife ,  most of them are simply overpowered with perks and are invisible. So you end up walking like an Idiot trought the map , and gifting them your boddy to have something to AIM on and become even stronger.. It easly kill the last funn that this game can offer to me.You can't play private only with selected number of peoples , for example find 5 vs 5 new players in some range of your own rank trought the community , invite them to your looby and gain together in a fair gameplay. NO , not Working!Even if you start with some of your friend , example 1 vs 1 , WOUP's , incoming prestige guys to kill your funn.The most that hurts me that i found out after i have buyed the game , after i spent practice several hrs in custom games where everything is as usual unlocked and used to practice weapons and stuff in my every COD FAV MOD ( Kill Confirmed ) , and when i joined the first time to play online to play public , i noticed: MISSING KILL CONFIRMED MOD.... WTF ? PS haves it , Xbox Haves it.. Evene on PC in custom games where you can practice agains Bots haves it , but somehow they decided to remove it on PC for the Online Part... NOTE: Go and kill your self who ever alowed this to be removed ( This feels really ripped off to me )Most of the negative here is not the games fault espect the missing mod , its simply shows how ugly and unfair those COD prestige guys are and giving it's best to feel like god agains new player that wana enyoj the gamepaly..But to be honnes , even i just started most of them are simply overpowered , 80% are noobs , rare to come across a really hard core prestige player that shows skils.. But having them in a 20% range is already enought to talk about it negatively.So the only way i can and will enjoy the Multiplayer part is , to never ever again even to think to join a public match , and will stuck in custom games solo or if friends are up for that too , to join and hacing funn where everything is unlocked. But solo will get me bored really fast so , this is definatelly NOT WORTH the money for an Tittle such as this one.And after all disapointment's durring a fev last COD tittle espect ( BO3 = As its simply a great with no negative to me ) , this is Definatelly my LAST COD EVER = RIPFeel free to add me if you feel the same , and wana play random custom games to have funn because you like the game it self but can't enjoy it in Public.
Really good game, People suck at it thats why they dont like it
I like it. It's like a "lite" version of Advanced Warfare which I loved. Not sure what everyone's so negative about. Nice weapons, like the mobility and the maps are really well made. Really miss the manic 3D movement from Advanced Warfare but this a pretty decent substitute.
Very good game, but not for me
I honestly liked it, the multiplayer is good in my opinion, i like the zombies mode, the classic weapons are a nice touch, and you can earn almost every weapon found in supply drops, yet there are problems, the epic weapons in the mission teams are a bit under-whelming (at least for the fhr-40) and the rigs are almost a carbon-copy of the bo3 specialists, but I believe the only reason why people are saying that this game is terrible is mainly trying to be popular and agreeable, but if you do actually dislike it i respect your opinion
I picked this up during the half priced sale.  It interested me enough that I finished off the campaign in one day - but it also points out the campaign isn't that long.  Not sure I'm going to bother with the multiplayer - have always preferred Battlefield.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price - the space combat is pitiful, the story way too po-faced and the ending put me off replaying it.It's one where I wished there was "meh" as a rating.  I'm only giving it a thumb's up because it entertained me enough to finish the campaign.Don't pay full price for this.
where is rave in the redwoods  0_0
Miss the feet on the ground but still better than advanced warfare(played in the free week)the game is ok but not worth the full price
This game is not the badest game ever, it actaully very good game.The graphics are diffrent then in black ops 3, make it look a frash in the sieres. The story is better then in black ops 3, but that's because in black ips 3 the idea of the campaing is too simple, a group of people of the black ops (some of them is jon tailor) have been traid the black ops and tried to control the world, because they controled by machines. The maps of the multiplayer are not bad, but they cn be better. When you will start the game in the first time, there will be a some lags, but that's not something you can't fix with the graphics. The new chapter of the zombies is frash, and gave a new idea in the zombies games, that no body have tried before (by what i have understanded), zombies in the spacelands if the eightyes or the nietyes (i don't realy know, i am only 15 years old, i haven't been alive in this years), but the whole zombies game now is just a movie (it's too complicated for me to explain it). The movements in this game is harder then in black ops 3, but it's still don't make the game bad. If you bought the legasy edition, you got modern warfare remastered too. That game i can't explain, only by awesome and great game. If you think to buy the game only for the MW remastered, i don't think you need to buy this game, because you will get another disk for a game you will never play, and it will be better for you to but MW (the original)not the remastered (unless you want it to the xbox one). If you want both games ( infinite wafare and the new MW remastered) you will get a lot of fun from both games.
When I first saw this game I didn't think much of it but during the free weekend period I gave it a quick (5 hour) download and now I own it! This game is incredible, sure its a pretty bad PC port with random frame drops at times but other then that its a solid game, 8/10
it works for me
To all the Negative Reviews and people who want to see any good review, here i am. All the people that review have under 1 hour or so but i have almost a day. This game is very fun and i would love to see it grow in the future. I haven't played the full campaign yet, but its very good. The Multiplayer IS SO FUN!!! You get all the better guns at later levels, so you need to work for better guns. Zombies is fun with my friend because we're both so bad at zombies, so we have a good time. Overall if you dont like the future, wait for CoD 2017 or buy this half off, but if your a CoD fan and don't care, i recommend this game because of all the fun i had from it so far. Again i would love to see it grow and dont listen to reviews that are from people saying it's "bad" even though they only have 1-2 hrs of the game. GG to all the people who read this and have a good day!EDIT: I finished the campaign and it is GREAT. Awesome story and interactions. If they could just make a story for iw2 but not a full space game (just the campaign) that would be awesome. I wish they could include some of the things into mp and the things they did in this campaign should go in to Ghosts 2 campaign!POST EDIT: to many deaths ;-;
Very fun game... Very poorly optimised. i put on ultra graphics get 50fps stable and still seems like 20fps. Please sort it out.
loads fast runs well on an i7 860 with a GTX960 2gb.
I try only multiplayer, but i think this game is good.This is I want say
Важно!! Обзор только на мультиплеер, так как в одиночную игру я не играл. !! Важно кончилось, можете дальше не читать.Графика хороша.Саундтрек эпичен, хоть и абсолютно не запоминающийся.Геймплей довольно драйвовый и весёлый, с модными нынче рокет-джампами, паркуром,  (Кхм-кхм. TitanFall!!11!), но из-за дисбаланса в массовом бою от этого просто не получаешь удовольствия, так как едва ты успеешь сделать что-то из списка, как тебя убъют, и не спасает от этого даже авто-регенерация. Так что либо донат, либо про-скилл, либо идите в БатлФилд.6.5 из 10P.S. Готовтесь ждать предзагрузки шейдеров лет эдак 10.
suprisingly good game
the free one is very bad
hi my name is jacob and i like this game a lot because of the zombies in spaceland
Infinite Warfare isnt even that bad, and to be honest, I'm very disappointed in MWR. I still play CoD4 today, but the community on MWR is absolutely rubbish, and it doesn't feel right at all. save the money and buy CoD4 instead, that way you get top Stuff like dedicated servers and a server browser. Any how, Inifnite warfare is actually very fun, it looks nice and plays very smoothly. Shame no one is playing it, to me it seems one person said it was bad and a whole sheep of people are doing the same, and wont change the way they think because they want to look 'cool', or something. I'm glad i didnt follow the hype and brought the game on a whim, I have a great honest opinion that will get overlooked because i thought it was fun, and can atleast say its something built on my own way of thinking. whats worse is barely anyone has played this game and yet think its enough to put a whole review on it. outstanding quality, proves a lot if you ask me.Not touched the SP but ill be honest, the MP and Zombies modes are fantastic. just need some people playing already.
It's great.
I love it. There's no other reason why not to get it.
Game is okay. Optimization however, it's pretty damn good.
My honest opinion about this game.I enjoyed multiplayer is not that bad,but gear and characters are beyond horrible.If you are a tryhard cod player just dont play this.
I'd give it a solid 5.1 out of 10. Just passes.For me, the contributing factors into my ranking are:CONS:1. Hackers: Maybe its just the free weekend, but thats what has ruined it for the most part.\2. Lobby finding: Takes a solid 3 minutes to find a game.    2.5. Randomly disconnecting during games: EXTREMELY annoying.3. Balancing: 6v4, 1 team might have 6 sub level 20's, the other might have 4 level 50's and above first prestige.4. Tryhards: To many.5. Weapons: All the good ones are for higher levels (Balancing...)6. Maps: I usually only get to see 3 different maps, not more. Also big maps.Pros:1. Fun: I actually kinda liek this cod, minus the cons listed above.2. Flows well: Smooth movement.3. Great way to waste time unless there are hackers, then I get tilted.Conclusion: I'd play this game a fair ammount, but not for long periods of time. Also, too pricy, I'd probably buy it if it was cheaper.
i wish i could keep it for ever its so much fun
its good and well optimized
Surprisingly fun to play. Not worth $60, though.
Not nearly as bad as all these reviews are saying. Combat's the same as usual for COD, very enjoyable and addictive. You're not forced to use microtransactions to progress, but they are pushed in your face all the time. Graphics are alright.
This game is awesome! The movement is smooth and you can get easily some kills!
pile of unbalanced dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its fun if you're looking for a game for just fun gameplay, no raging and just relaxing.
the game is so interactive. I love this game! I woud like to recive this game
OK SO a large number of people are hating on this game... there are some diffrences from other titles like Modern Warfare, whatever, CoD will never be like that again period. I dont know why eveyone is comparing this good game with titles from 5+ years ago... and then wanting remakes or "Boots on the ground" it makes no sense. It is an overall good game you just need to get better reactions to play mutiplayer thats it. ----They also added anti cheat a few months ago---------
Y'know, I think this game is getting too much♥♥♥♥♥♥for what it really is.Infinite Warfare, the newest game in the Call of Duty franchise, and it's nothing like the other Call of Duty games (not really in a good way), but if the game didn't have the huge Call of Duty label on it I think people would like it a bit more.Infinity Ward gave us a new Call of Duty, instead of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on it how about you actually play it and make the best out of it. There's obviously not going to be another CoD game until the end of this year, might as well make the most of what you have.I do have to admit though, when playing it, it didn't really feel like CoD, it didn't feel as smooth as say Black Ops III did, if anything it felt smoother, but not really in a good way. Honestly, all I'm saying here is to give Infinity Ward a chance, sure, maybe Infinite Warfare isn't what you thought it would be, but I know many people who like the game for a part of it (campaign, zombies, multiplayer), even its entirety. And CoD 4 Remastered was very good (even though they added supply drops and all) when I played it back on console. Infinity Ward worked for over a year to make this game, and everyone is flaming hate over it.I'm not a major CoD player, I play these games casually. This review may not apeal to the competitive players out there. All I'm saying is a CoD game is a CoD game, all are different but revolve around the same mechanic. If the annual Call of Duty game is bad, either don't play it or make the most out of it until the next one releases. All this hate won't even matter after the next one releases so what's the point?
Don't get me wrong, this game's terrible. But hey. I'll be honest.Campaign's probably the best out of the terribly♥♥♥♥♥♥out Ghost, AW and BO3, in fact, I enjoyed it more than I'm supposed to if not better than most CoD title campaigns. The story, ironically, is more "grounded" than those who wished this game to be. Out of the 9 hours playing it, it was alright. Pilotting your Jackal can be quite annoying, however, but hey, it's like an AC game: It doesn't matter if you like the secondary feature, the rest of the game is fine.You might be wondering why I'm recommending this. Simple. At the time this review was made, the game was 50% off. As any other sensible person who still values a piece of art no matter how grotesquely massacred its horse is, it's worth this game's campaign and the rest of Remastered (which I thoroughly enjoyed). 25 and 25.Campaign's alright, zombie's alright, Remastered's alright, Multiplayer isn't as always.
Beleive it or not..this game is not♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!
Got this game on free weekend, this game is worth buying, I'm thinking of buying this game when the free runs out.The game mechanics are amazing as well as the cosmic atomosphere it gives. Multiplayer is amazing and zombies/campaign I yet to discover. I would recommend playing this game on the free weekend to see if you like it but it's well worth the money if you do decide to buy it.
One of the greatest FPS of all times, very good gameplay, fluid as hell (getting over 300fps), campaign is amazing.Multiplayer is more boots on the ground than BO3 and AW.9.5/10
Call of DutyÂ®: Infinite Warfare is probably the worst Call of Duty game ever made. I would only ever recommend the game to a hard core Call of DUty junkie or something because Infinite Warfare seems like the most bloated, full of useless time consuming garbage Call of Duty game yet. That being said it did have a decent zombies mode, I feel like they might as well start shipping separate games because if they had there own zombies series stand alone, they would probably make more money.  Even after all the technical and gameplay related complaints I might have, the biggest one for any prospective buyer is this, the game is pretty much dead. The community is pretty much non existent on PC. If you really want Infinite Warfare, get it on console like an average Joe or else you will be in for disappointment. Its games like this that make me wish there was a neutral way to review a game besides the standard positive and negative options we have, because this would surely be one of the reviews I have the most mixed feelings about.
Actually Really Good game.semi-balanced, just wish that type 2 would be nerfed but overall good multiplayer.Also i like zombies.
This game for me is fun but so many reviews are negative.I think this game is good.Good luck with next game! gg wp
Preloading shaders...[EDIT]Searching for match...
over all good game, bad cod. visuals are very nice, and the sounds and audio are great. I could not play the campaign or zombies becuase i got the free version so that was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but i had fun on the multiplayer.9/10 fun game2/10 of a cod game
Has a free weekend to try to show people the game isnt that badLocks off almost all content accept ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayerLacks stable multiplayer serversNice prank guys, but april fools is a month away
meh.
The majority of these negative reviews are from a bunch COD stans who don't like the transistion to futuristic/space concepts and stories. I understand, because I once was angry when the Power Rangers & Pokemon left Earth and went intergalactic on us all when I was a child.The graphics are insanely awesome and I'm using a GTX 750 TI. The cinematic cut-scenes in solo mode look promising as I've only downloaded and played multiplayer mode. The online community isn't chalk-full of "professionals" who live and die by a simple FPS while living in their mother's basement. I'm new to this game and although I'm not the best, it's incredibly fun and great practice for online multiplayer. I recommend this game off multiplayer alone, and if you can, I'd snatch this game while it's only $29.99.
UPDATE:This game runs great, seems antivirus prgrams do not like cod. If you temp disable avg it runs no problems at all. I do enjoy this game, it is like a mix of black ops 3 and advanced warfare. In this cod the server is more in sync (ie opponents are not seconds ahead of you). I have yet to try the campaign, but zombies are very noob friendly. They made it a lot easier to sneak by zombiesa nd get to higher rounds. The multiplayer is improved from the previous cod. It is more in sync, less camping, less jumping around. Progress carries over from multiplayer to zombies and vice versa, which is awesome. I think one of the best cods in awhile. I changed my review from negative to positive, because I thought something was wrong with the game. There is not, it was anti-virus program preventing it from running properly.
BEEST GAME IN THE WORLD IF U HAVE MONEYH I RECOMMEND BUYING 2 COPIES BECAUSE IT'S SO GOOD THAT U CAN HAVE 2 ONE FOR U AND ONE TO BRAG ABOUT AND LOOK COOOL. AND BUY THE WAY VOLDERMORT GO DO BOOTS ON GROUND THEN I WOULD BUY 3 COPIES BUT U MADE SOME REAL NINJA HOVER TAIKWANDO STYLE♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAT IS VERY HEARTBREAKING THAT U DONT DO BOOTS ON GROUND!!!!! CUZ U KNOW IM FAT AND CANT RUN LIKE OTHERS SO THEY HAVE ADVANTAGE!!!!!!!! PRAY FOR FAT PEAOPLE THAT CANT JUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I play a lot of gaming on PC, PS4 Pro, and Xbox one S, Its almost March 2017, and iv never had anyproblem finding any mode. The multiplayer is much better then i expected and what was told in these reviews. Its solid performance and running every setting on ultra on my 1060 6gb. 60fps no drops. I like Titanfall 2 more, but this is a solid multiplayer, its not comparable to BF1 because it plays very differntly so wont compare the two, but will say its worth $30, is it worth $60 not at all, but if you get it for $30 you probably wont be disappointed. Game onine is not dead in anyway
I don't get the hate. It's just COD with robots. Fun for what it is.Maybe they should have named it something other than COD...
Thanks to the free weekend, i was able to test the game. I must admit, even i thought it would be bad. Trust me when i say that the game is very well made. I cant say anything about the campign nor zombies, but the multiplayer has lots of potencial.
Well first I reviewed this game bad. Thought it was a let down. But during the free weekend I kept playing some more and it actually grown on me. Now many hours in the game and it is pretty addictive. Like it more than Black ops 3 actually. I can recommend this game.
Fun game , Never experienced as much fun since Modern Warfare 2. The multiplayer is fun,the story i havent tried and dont recommend to, just some generic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Game didnt have any glitches, only thing is took quite long to load.Runs smooth on 90 fps on GTX 1070 Max settings
Recomendable
SP is great.MP is basically a better BO2.Zombies is really fun. This game is not even close to being bad like people make it out to be. If you like COD, you'll like this, if you don't then this isn't going to change your mind.
Buy it now.
Do not believe what everyone is saying about this game it is actually really good
Campaign is good, multiplayer is very bad! I only recommend this game for single player campaign.
Campaign is good, multiplayer is very bad! I only recommend this game for single player campaign.
People hate but the game is actually good :)
Not worth on pc (kinda)the game crashes all the time and run at -420fps (19 really with my i3)butI played it on console and this is my favorite cod-Good campaign with character i actually care about-You can actually unlock dlc guns without cases or money by challenges-Soundtrack is 10/10So i would overall recommend this game
I dont know why people dont like this game. Personally I like modern CoD more than some WW1 or WW2. Its boring cuz there are too many games like that. I would like to see Cod located in Iran or Afganistan. It would be better then some Vietnam war or WW1/WW2 game. And no I dont want remastered CoD, I want new CoD!P.S. Sry for my english. Not my first language.
Game gave me AIDS - 100% WORTH IT!
oh boi free gaemcant conecte to multiplaery tho?ur name 2 long 4 me ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)gg no reshort naem now les do dis compsdie 20 times per secondekill someone by mistake several tiemsK:D ratio 0.75GG best gaem evar recomende 4 all u peoples 10/10
I only have played the multiplayer in the free weekend but i can tell that the game is not bad but not worth making a new game every year due to how similar it is to cod black ops 3 and i dont want the series to die because they think that cod games die in less than a year and need to have a sequal but if i just ccept it as a standalone game then it is not too bad.
Nice Game This is similar Call of Duty: Black Ops 3But There are new maps :Dwithout nuketown and more.
Ok, early review.  After being dissapointed that the free weekend was just a multiplayer demo, I have to say that after actually buying this (from a reseller)  I am very impressed. I would NEVER buy this for the multiplayer, too many angry 13 yr  olds griefing everyone.  The single player, so far, is a decent experience. It's well optomized. The combat is intense, the visuals are exceptional.  Have not had a chance to try zombie mode yet.  Kit harrington is an easilly hateable villain.  8/10 would fly into space again.
Game's is really well optimized and runs perfectly even if my pc doesn't meet the miminum requirments in 1080p 60fps stable, same goes for MP.The story is big and there's a lot you can do. It's up to you, to chose what to do. Either play the story missions or jump onto the side missions. Stunning visuals suround the world around you. But however you are most of the time on different planets jumping with the speed of sound to travel around the universe. The game is definitly easy so do crank up the difficulty bar. P.S Finish on any difficulty and unlock much more different game changing gameplay.Sadly not all game modes are active most of them are very scarce to find players. TDM is the most popular gamemode you can enjoy atm otherwise the different classes really dont add much different into the MP game since they dont give you any benefits of using weapons for their classes. Instead they get a premade weapon.So is the game worth your money? It depends on the person but I would say wait and buy it on a sale.
Call of duty : Infinite warfare is most underrated game of all time. A lot of people hates this game because it's "not boots on ground" and that it takes places in space. However, how is the game beyond those points? Campaign: Campaign story manages to make you care and even some scenes give you those sad feels (i'm talking about ethan robot in space while our main charachter dying in space, saying to him that he's our friend etc.) , however, story is mostly pretty straight foward, there no huge twists and it's not entirely deep story either (not like black ops 2) however, the story , for what it is, is well written, the voice acting is amazing and over all, i was looking foward on what happens next. Charachters are not entirely memorable, but the game will make you care for them . To keep it short,  The story is a huge step up from other generic cod titles (like ghosts) so it is worth atleast a play trough.Multiplayer: i haven't played it on pc, simply cause community is dead, (more on that at end) but i played hefty ammount on xbox one, anyway it's Wayyy better than bo3. The guns, everything is more balanced. Also i very appreciate the mode called "tactical team deathmatch" in which jumping jetpacks are disabled. There are good viarety of modes available and it's really more balanced than previous cod game, however, the pc version seems to have a lack of modes available from console versions (for example, i couldn't find hardcore domination, when they do have hardcore moshpit) however, i feel like it was decision made by developer to keep other modes more alive (instead of people going purely to domination, they make you go to moshpit where there's various modes cycling every map) whatever this is bad or good decision is debatable. Another issue, community/ player count is pretty much dead on pc. You can barely find match of TDM where on console version, it's very alive and healthy. Zombies: best part about this game. WAYYY bettwr than bo3, the progression is wayyy more improved. The map is extremly fun to play, it's addictive, you can earn supply drops keys with it, it's mostly simple to play, it's just amazing. If you wondering to pick this game up, i say do it for zombies! It's really worth it and i'm excited about dlc maps that coming out.The port is great , the only issue with port i have is chache options is somewhat very demanding on CPU , even on high end ones, which means if you don't disable it, you will have stutters, other than that, the dosen't look that bad but does not look that great either, for 2016 , it's decent. The port is very well done. I can't also rate mp netcode, simply cause again, on pc . It's dead. Ghosts has very serious issue with mp code on pc which made mp of that game just unplayable. I dont know about pc.If you willing to look past "duhh hurrr cod sucks bf1 is better xDDD" people, YES the game isin't as bad as people say, actually, it's very good. The game is fun and on sale, it's well worth the money. I enjoyed all the modes, and i got pc version for zombies alone, which really is best part about the game. I also enjoy playing multiplayer (on console) which is something i did not enjoy doing after bo2. Solid 8/10 i highly recommend (unless player count increases) getting it on xbox though, unless you're purely interested in co-op zombies. While i do agree, that cod should go back to it's roots, i don't think this game deserved a hate that it got. IW did an amazing job and it sad that due the hate, some of the talented people behind this game got fired for it. If you look past the hate, there is a hidden gem there, while it's not a 10/10 daimond, it's still a gem that you should give it a try
At this poin, im not sure WHAT to rate this game... I like it, but I don't like it; This game has a decent amount of action, but lackes the sequrity that is anti-cheat (which I would not invest in an anti-cheat if my game was not good, but their are plenty of free games that do allow anti-cheat) their are WAY to many hackers... In terms of the future stuff, this game does dial back sorta on the exo jumping and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but not too much... You find plentry of people boots on the ground. Sliding in this game is ♥♥♥♥ing OP, people are sliding all over the place! And shotguns are pretty OP aswell.
i rate this game 4 stars out of 5 stars
This game isn't as bad as everyone says. Zombies is solid. If your a fan of the zombies mode in CoD I would recommend it for that reason alone.
I just got back into gaming so this was the first Call of Duty game I have played in awhile... I have heard all the mixed reviews about this game which I just don't understand because yes this game is different from the boots on the ground game I was use to but it is still a very enjoyable fast paced game
The game is really well made. The main menu is fine. The "The servers rejected your request" message is good looking too. Same with "BERGUNDIA" status.
It's not that bad
free vac
I know by just looking at the reviews this game seems absolute garbage, and that is why I didn't buy it yet. But now that the free weekend came up I thought I'd give it a bash, and boy was I wrong. Of course i'm only talking about the multiplayer here as the campaign nor the zombies are available in the free weekend. So, why do i think it is good despite all the reviews that say that it is total garbage?Well first you should know that the last cod i played was black ops II, so this hover/wallrun mechanic is completly new for me and so far I quite like it for what it's worth.Secondly, I strongly disagree with everyone who says that the weapons are unbalanced. If you play 5 matches with any weapon you will get the grips with it and you'll get better with the minute.Of course this game is not perfect, it has it flaws, but i have not experienced any hackers or server crashes in the few hours that I have played and I'm still enjoying it quite alot.Just keep in mind that It is definetly not worth the full 60 or so bucks. But on sale (or♥♥♥♥♥ I would say pick it up if it's below 20 bucks.
­
nice
i don't understand all the hate...Yes, there are broken guns and power ups like the metal f***ing dog that one hits everything and bla bla... but otehr than that it's a really good game i think...just the community is the real bad thing!
nice one. yap
From what I heard online at first, I regretted getting this game. But when I started playing campaign, it's actually pretty good. The multiplayer had a good feel to it, and the zombies was fun. I reccommend this game if you want a good story and fun gamemodes.
To be completly honest this game is not that bad i would never pay full price for this game, but you can get it for around $17 on♥♥♥♥♥and its worth it i mean it runs smooth if your pc can handle it the fov looks great except for sniper scopes and sniping is wretched, but all in all this game is not great nor terrible its a game to get if you can get it cheap... but not a game you would want to pay full price for :) cheers
Ok game, but not worth 60€, you should buy it from♥♥♥♥
Game is just pure W**K
I downloaded the trial they're (were if I forget to edit this) running and I really enjoy it. From the getgo I was surprised a game from 2016 ran at a playable framerate and looking generally good without completely dying on my computer. Each map had something that gave it flavor. The maps range from mediocre to garenteed fun. The latter really shine. On one map where dead bodies stand upright making it a hesitant decision to shoot, while another could just be both pleasant from both a gameplay and aesthetic perspective. Overall, it's singleplayer tier maps in multiplayer. As for the gameplay, the action is really fast paced and reminds me of when I'd play Modern Warfare 2. There have been changes since then, like a jet/booster pack that's fun to mess around with and doesn't distract from the core. Overall a nice adition. There is, however, aditions I don't like. I'm not too fond of some aditions though. I didn't like the new wall run mechanic because it doesn't have much reason to exist than to look cool. There's also an Overwatch ultimate esque system where your rig (class) has an abiltiy that charges over time. These abilities range from extremely powerful to extremely situational (if not completely useless).  I'd rather my character is dictated by his primary wepon rather than something that was rarely used in my time playing. As much as I just complained at this game, I still want to purchase either this or the next game in the series and I have a large feeling I'll do at least one of those.
for me is game look really good and i got a nidiva gtx 960m and the game runs good looks nice i had a little problem i was trying to play the game online it was say lost host connection i fix it by changing my user name 9 characters and it work for me
I SPENT 35 MINUTES TRYING TO JOIN JUST ONE MATCH. I COULDN'T EVEN JOIN A CUSTOM GAME. I SPENT 35 MINUTES LOOKING AT A LOADING SCREEN.
I actually prefer IW over AW. Haven't played it long but i really enjoy the controls and such far more. Runs better than AW as well.
After playing the game for a decent amount of time, I got to say, it's not bad. It's not WW2, but it ain't bad at all. The campaign is actually pretty enjoyable. The multiplayer gives me strong bo2 vibes, so that's a plus. Not to mention the zombies, or at least the first map (I didn't buy any dlc), is actually really entertaining.
I quite like the gameEverybody says they hate it, but whenever I ask people why, they say,'I just don't'Like seriously, I find it fun, if you don't like the game, don't be a b***h about itGo play another game,I like this game, but you may not, so leave it and go play what you like, and if you don't like it, say why at leastSure, it's futuristic, doesn't mean it's badI hope you understand
you know nothing jon snow ..
supply drops are better in this vs aw and bo3 but the game itself is kind of bland like ghosts was. The movement i feel is better than bo3s though, more smooth and flowing. Not terrible but not that good either. id rather go play bo3 if im going to play cod since it actually has decent stuff added in like server browser and mods and uncapped fps.the things that really ruin this game is netcode / lag / tick, fps cap, supply drops and the gaming community in general[we are so spoiled that we dont really know what we want anymore, we know we just want something more than what we have now and cod devs try to do it and make money at the same time but they cant when everyone wants to get everything for free or buy 10 dollar games and expect it to be AAA]its a shame, theres going to be another game crash soon...too many greedy companies and consumers.
As far as the single player campaign goes - It's pretty, The cut scenes are well done.Voice acting is top notch.The enviroments they've recreated in the game really do look great and give a good atmospheric feel to the game.The weapons are interesting, you can tell a lot of work was put into everything,but for whatever reason it didnt gel as well as it should have. And that's about it, it's a really pretty game with no brains. One major script qualm i have about it, is that the captain of a ship never, ever leaves the ship to enter combat. I queued for 15 minutes looking for a group in zombies mode and gave up, so i cant say what multiplayer is like. I guess it's non-existent. So is it worth full price? No. Is it worth playing? Yes. Solely for the pretty campaign and nothing else. Grab it in a sale.
focking S H-IT
Multiplayer is aids but the zombies are fairly entertaining.
This game's multiplayer is similar to Black Ops 3's multiplayer, which I have never played. I didn't care what anyone else said about the game until I played it. In my opinion this game is fun, and different to the past Call of Duty games that I've played. I would say try this game out and see for youself, don't listen to what others say.
Call of duty infinite warfare is a very good cod, it's probably one of the best call of duties ever made.
Is it good? Not really. Is it fun? Yes. Which of these is more important to me?
I actually enjoy the free weekend, not that bad not that good, average6/10
I thought this game was♥♥♥♥♥♥but then I got it on the 3 day trial and it was amazing! I only tried multiplayer and I already want to buy this game!9/10One of the most fun MULTIPLAYER games.Bouncy ping sometimes and people♥♥♥♥♥♥on snipers because everyone is fast and can exo jump.
I have no idea how a game looks so jittery a 60 fps.  And I look like a cartoon character.  I might try the single player someday.
Solid and awesome campaign. 10/10Good multiplayer.I recommend it.The Negative Reviews Are Fake NewsThe game runs great out-of-the-box, and lowering all of the Shadows options makes it the best.
Very good game dont hear some noobs that this game is bad cos they never played it. The only bad thing is too much Cheaters like every other Call of duty game out there
Since when did people become to have high standards?I personaly liked this game, me and the other 38% of others who upvoted it. The game has a compain thats, a bit...yeah, its too dramatic, the whole story has no ♥♥♥♥ing sense, and you basicly do the same thing over and over again. But wasnt that what you were doing in the first place? I mean, Call Of Duty since the begining of it was the "shoot the bad guy in the corner". Basicly, every shooter is like that. SPOILER ALERT: Even the best guys on the story deserve a better deathOff to the multiplayer, and ooooooooohhhh boy what we have hereI'll make this as quick as possible-Poor balance-Type 2-Supply drops-Type 2Anyhow, is the multiplayer fun? Well....I'm afraid I'll get bombarded in every single way but...Yes, yes it is. ~Somehow, its fun to jump around and shoot people in the face                                                                               Shammy 2016I liked it...thats it, i'm officially deadOh, and did i mention the type 2?Off to ZombiesIts ok.
Decent Campaign,Very Solid Multiplayer,I dont like the zombies as i am a hardcore Treyarch Zombies Fan but if you  want a fun casual zombies mode this is for you.The hate on this game is undeserved just like Infinty' Ward's last Title Ghosts
Why no splits screen , now I can't play with my brother

F**K YES !!! Adrenaline pumping ACTION !!! YEEEEEES ... MOOOOORE ! Recommending this game isn't enough !
I got this game because I liked the series and the Call of Duty franchise. This one is different from the others because of the fact its mostly in space hopping around the solar system fighting John Snow and the Olympus Mons. Game didnt get the high marks that soem of the others did but I really liked this one. Looks and runs great and have yet to notice any bugs. High res and 100+ fps is no problem. If your machine can handle it. I recommend this game and think you'll like it just as well.
I don't understand the hate on Infinite Warfare, yes it's based in the future, it's still an amazing game. Unlike every other sotry in COD this story is fully linear, it's a story which panned out well and played well. The fight for survival and not giving up when it looks like you should plays out very well. Zombies is like classic zombies but with challenges and played out like a movie which is completely different. The only thing I disliked about Infinite Warfare was the lack of leaderboards in Multiplayer, now that they are added it's not to what I hoped, being in the Top 10% of a gamemode is impossible as it isn't based off of your score totalled, it's your average score per minute which allows cheaters to get in the Top 1% easier that it already was before.
Game mechanics are good,Dedicated servers are needed,Better cheat prevention methods need to be in place,Several ingame issues that should be resolved before launch,Stop nerfing guns that don't need nerfs, and stop releasing overpowered guns.
This review will be brief, due to the fact that it will most likely go unread. Infinite warfare is an astoundingly excellent game with, in my opinion, one of the best COD campaigns ever. It received unprecedented amounts of undeserved hate since the game was nothing but a concept. I would undoubtedly suggest this game. Overall grade: A-
Good game but everyone hated it before it came out. Even though I like it great story but same old cod fighting. It feels more like advanced ware fare and cod blacks opps three fighting. Multiplayer force once kindove sucked. Loading screen goes on forever. But overall yeah it's a good game I didn't find to much problems.
I like infinite warfare, despite everyone saying its bad its accually good. However i bought MWR with it and the game runs like ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont buy MWR it barley runs and they arent doing anything to help fix it. But IW is pretty good.
I was one that hated this game..... But i thought that I should give it a chance and im glad I did. The campaign is one of the best that i have ever played. The story is so amazing that you'll feel sad in the end..but the multiplayer is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ only buy this game for the campaign
Infinite Warfare's campaign is the second-best part of the package in my opinion, beat only by Zombies. The story, which deals with a massive civil war in the Solar System, is probably the most inventive narrative since Black Ops and is full of awesome set-peices, likeable characters (particularly Ethan, a robotic Petty Officer), and fairly original level design. There are, of course, the classic Call of Duty irritants that have plagued the series since its inception, most notably grenade spam and death corridors with respawning enemies, but the pros of the campaign far outweigh the cons.Don't buy IW for multiplayer. It's an inferior version of what was offered in Black Ops 3 and just feels like the same Call of Duty crap, except plagued with hackers and balance issues. I played about five or six matches and just stopped bothering; my time is better spent in the Campaign, Zombies, or MWR.Holy crap, Zombies is fun as hell this time around. All of the maps have a classic movie theme, with the first map being set in a 1980's theme park called Spaceland that is overrun with the undead. There are new team-based mechanics, a more forgiving death system, really cool easter eggs and minigames - it's just straight up fun. Zombies is the best part of this package by far IMO and is almost worth $60 alone.First up, the graphical improvements made in this remaster are nothing short of stunning. While it doesn't look quite as good as IW, it's still a really solid and refreshing way to make the game seem new; the lighting effects are particular standouts and had me pretty impressed all the way through the campaign, which is still as fun as it was when COD 4 came out. The multiplayer also has these improvements and is still as fun and addictive as I remember, making it vastly superior to IW's multiplayer both in design and enjoyment. There are (surprisingly) more people playing MWR anyway, so finding a match isn't difficult at all. If you're willing to shell out $80, MWR makes the entire package worth every penny in my opinion.
Game is alot better than i expected. Dont get me wrong though this is not really a COD roots game but it is still decent. probably shouldve waited for price drop though.
Campaign and zombies are great. Multiplayer is bad.
now im not one for general reviews or anything but i can honestly say that this game is actually fun, i have been a fan of call of duty since MW2 and i can honestly say im finding the new sci-fi settings more fun then before, now i know most people wont agree with this but this game provides a higher level of challenge then before it makes you think alot, for instance a place that used to only have 1 entry point could now have 4 entry points making players think on spot and react quicker and its also alot harder to hit someone that is flying through the air then it is on the ground, all round this game is a fun break from the boots on ground CoDs and for me its a highly recommended game
Very good game. i dont know why people are complaining. If they havent even played the game, why they judging. Also, many people hated the game, and they played it, and they actually liked it
It is very strange, even for my self to admit, that I do enjoy this COD installment. I was not a fan of all latest installments and my big experience on this franchise ended with MW3 series. I did gave some shots on  futuristic CODs SP experiences prior to IW, but personally I do like this one the most. New outer space setting is really well made with good looking grafics and stable high fps! Reasonable story plot, zero-gravity and hazardous environments, robot hacking, open space with fancy grapling-hook, fighter dogfights, full Solar system theme and Kit "Jon Snow" Harington. Although it is not game changing or essential shooter, but definately well made one with really enjoyable campaign.I really do enjoy fast paced purified MP, which contains all previously gathered good experiences.Zombies co-op is addictive and fun as always! In my humble opinion best COD Zombies so far and I do like this funny retro horror movie theme! Well made big map (hope upcoming ones will be such as well) with so much easter eggs, z-traps and awesome mini carnival games. Just pack a punc and you are good to go for the highest scores!Also, Modern Warfare Remastered is a brilliant remake of the modern classics, which altered existing grounds and established new standards for whole FPS genre.Infinity Ward keep on doing great job!As for FPS I give 9/10, as for COD installment strong 8/10
Best game ever. Requirements should be lower and price too, Alienware 15 hot to the touch even with full speed fans
Love it 10 out of 10, get on this people its amazing
It's good, but it's not quite Carling...
so this game is absolutly amaysing in my opinion. the campaign is detailed fun and has a good story and is a good length.multiplayer is good like always but if you like call of duty or used to it you will know whaat to expect for call of duty multiplayer. zombies it so good i would almost say it is one of the best zombies experiences for cod out there. the maps are very detailed and they are very fun to play. you get one zombies map in the standard edition of the game. i do recomend you get the season pass if you can afford it.altogether call of duty infinite warfare is a well put together fps game that i would recomend to any fps fan.
worth getting
singleplayer campaign ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ
NOTE: THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE CAMPAIGNSo, I've just finished the campaign for a 2nd time and it's still so â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing good. Matter of fact it's bloody amazing.*It's the only Call of Duty to make me cry. It was also very funny at some moments, overall made me feel a rollercoaster of emotions.*The acting/voice acting was amazing*Characters are extremely likeable*Great writing *The gameplay is just great overall*A lot of content to go through including side missions and collectibles In my opinion this is the best Call of Duty campaign ever. I bloody love it. I recommend atleast giving this campaign a try
Do i think this is a great game? Or do i even think this is a good game? The awnser to both is: no. I honestly think CoD has completely lost what it once had and it will never have that again, we need to accept that. Having three different developers working on these games is making it harder becuase of lack of communication and they won't release MWR on its own because they know people will pay Â£70 for it. This game is very very good for mindless shooting and leveling up. The zombies mode is mindless fun and this can make it worth the Â£10 i paid. DO NOT PAY MORE THAN Â£10/$15
After losing tons of games on counter strike, or a rough day at work or someâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ it's pretty fun. The last COD game i've bought was black ops 2, so i cant complain. Especially since i bought this for 10 bucks at a Wal-Mart clearance...would recommend if its LESS than 15 bucks EVER
not as bad as every one says
Pretty good campain, a few glitches such as heads not appearing, out of sync audio, issues with high FOVs and crashes but that's all. Better than the campains of last few instalments!pros: - campain- mwrCons:- everything else
good gamje, bt a bit of bs
Ok there will always be lovers and haters for the call of duty series,i fall somewhere between the two.Although i hate the fact that call of duty has gone all futuristic i don't hate it as much as some others out there.Once you adapt to the fact that just running and gunning is no longer an option you will be good to go.Jumping and wall running are absolutely critical to doing well in the multiplayer side of this game.Once you embrace that notion your scores and kill streaks will start to increase rapidly.There are some awesome weapons in this game and some not so awesome weapons,if you are new to it then i suggest the Nv4 assault rifle in any variant.Recoil is minimal to say the least and it's a great starting gun.If at 1st you are just being killed,respawning and being killed again,all i can say is stick with it.This happened majorly to me in the beginning but being the stubborn so and so that i am,i just persevered until i became reasonable at it.Many people are saying that this is the worst call of duty to date,i disagree with that (remember ghosts!).All in all i would say that if you are a die hard cod fan then you will not be disappointed in purchasing this game.
If you can play this game with an open mind and ignore all the hate to form  you may find yourself liking this game afterall. forewarning though: this is a different type of call of duty title, meaning it could be a shock to players used to the history based CoD games.Now that I have completed the campaign, pumped hours into multiplayer, and explored the zombies mode, I think I can say that I went into this game with an open mind and I was absolutely not dissapointed. This game definitely got a bad rap and got a lot of hate simply because people aren't willing to try new concepts with an open mind. I love the original call of duty games from world war II just like I love the call of duty games now with the futuristic side. I like them because with the futuristic setting a developer can play with different ideas and story elements that a dedicated time period such as world war II would hinder due to technological constraints. For instance, obviously we don't have "directed energy"  weapons, and I loved the creativity Infinity Ward put into their weapons simply because they weren't bound by the constraints of a particular time period. BTW I love the richocheting bullets . I'm not easily moved by campaigns but the end credit monologues had me in tears, sure perhaps I'm a sap simply because I can relate to them, but I loved the campaign and it puts a new spin on solar military combat.Multiplayer is sadly dead, it is fun if the only game mode you like is TDM or Domination but otherwise if you're getting the game just for multiplayer, then save your money. I love the scraps system where you can upgrade weapons to which they can have different abilities and scorestreak modifiers, I think that is a great concept. I'm not a fan of the microtransactions but businesses gonna biz. Zombies isn't really my forte, it does feel like Infinity Ward is trying to cash in on the popularity of Treyarch's take on Zombies and I think that they should leave the zombies to Treyarch and focus more on the survival game modes from previous IW titles, I personally thought they were developed better than their take on Zombies. Lastly, the price tag and the inclusion of MWR I think wasn't the smartest idea, they are now planning on letting  which is great for those who want the remastered experience of IW's greatest game. The price tag is purely to your own value. IW and many partners put thousands of hours into this project and if you feel this game is worth $60 than go for it and help the developers, if not, wait for a sale. I personally am not thrilled with the $60 price tag and I know many others aren't either. If you're hesitant about getting this game, wait for a sale, buy it and if you don't like it, return it so it doesn't put as big a dent in your wallet. I need water now because I verbally spoke this as I wrote it.
First off, Horrible multiplayer. Now lets begin.If your not here for multiplayer this is a pretty good call of duty, The campaign is pretty much like any other COD campaign to me at least, Pretty good story, Gameplay and Mechanics. I'd give it a 7 or 8 out of 10 for the campaign.The Zombies is good in my opinion, It's really fun to play with friends or by yourself, Nice new maps to explore and play through. Much better than Advanced Warfare's zombies but not as good as black ops 1 or 2. I'm not the biggest fan of the exo suits and crazy powers like call of duty loves now but they make it work pretty well.   Always a plus for those who play it, That alone makes me like playing this game quite a bit. Overall I'd say it's a good call of duty if your like me and don't buy it just for the multiplayer.
THIS GAME IS SO COOL!!
Don't buy this if you don't fullfill atleast two of these criteriaYou are okay with paying 60 euroYou're a zombies fanYou want to play the cod campaignYou so not want to play multiplayer (no one is playing it)actually if you just vuy this for the multiplayer you're an idiot, don't expect to get any matches then.Personally i really like the campaign and zombies.  as for the multiplayer. If there were more peaple playing it, it would be great but as of now it's empty
I really enjoyed the single player on this one, Sc-Fi is not usually my thing and i only got this for MW remastered (and it was on sale) but once i started it i really got into the story and characters which i haven't for quite some time on the COD games. My favourite ones are Modern Warfare and Black Ops 1, this one is now up there for me as well, and with 9 hours for me to complete i think that makes it one of the longest COD's lol.As for the multiplayer, i have no idea as i haven't liked the multiplayer since MW. But if you buy these games for the campaign like i do then i would recommend this.
if you go openminded in to this game like me it has some potential but with the micropurchase cod coins and all it destroyed everything. and fix matchmaking or is it allways this quiet:(
Cod 4 is amazing and runs like a peice of art but when i try to go onto multiplayer on infinite warfare my game just freezes if any one knows how to fix this please add me and tell me how Thank you -Razerblade233
hi
I think everyone judged the game and said it was terrible before it even came out, and then continued saying it was bad even if they never played it. Do I think it's the best COD game ever? No. Do I think it's bad? No. I thought the campaign was extremely good, one of the best campaigns I've played our of any game, easily could've been a super good Sci fi movie. Multiplayer is multiplayer to me, it's good and fun but nothing special. I got this game mostly for the zombies mode, which I think is extremely fun. It doesn't compare to Treyarch, but it's a different type of zombies than treyarch so you can't compare it. I think Infinity Ward did a good job with it, a nice filler before the next Treyarch title comes out. Overall, I think IW is a fun game and should be given a chance with an open mind.
I've probably spent more time waiting for this game to preload its shaders rather than play the actual game.
I bought this game just for the singleplayer campaign and i was in shock how much effort went into singleplayer. Very enjoyable.  Only downer for for me was that i wanted to visit more planets.  Honestly for me it barely hits the 8/10 score.  Great Game!
Zombies is good but since its ported its a bit rough sometimes. They need to work on the PC version of COD games if they want to do well
─────────────────────────▄▀▄ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─█ ─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄ ─────────────────────────█──█──█ ─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█ ────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█ ────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█ ────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█ ────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█ ────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█ ──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀ ─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█ ▄█████████████────────────█─────█ ██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█ ████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█ ██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█ ████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son! ███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A bad game! ███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█ ███─────────────────▀█─────█────█ ███──────────────────█─────█────█ ███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█ ████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█ ████────────██████────█────█────█ █████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█ ██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█ ██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█ ─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█ ─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█ ──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█ ──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█ ─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█ ▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█ █──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█ █────█─────────█─────█──────────█ █────────▀█────█─────█─────────██ █───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█ █──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█ █───────────────█──────────────█ █▄─────────────██──────────────█ ─█▄────────────█───────────────█ ──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█ ─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█ ─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█ ─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
I didnt get into this game at all...Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare by Infinity Ward REMASTERED is worth the full price! It looks beautiful, so much nostalgia. The new calling cards and emblems are fun. Full XBOX ONE controller support without any 3rd party apps. I wish people played more modes than Team Deathmatch. That part makes me miss the good ol days. Every single game mode used to be full. Now its only Team Deathmatch. Maybe once the game is released on its own there will be more players! 5/5 for COD4 MW Remastered. But Infinite Warfare isnt my thing...
The best Call of Duty since Modern Warfare 1, and surprisingly, one of the best-written games in years. As a fan of space simulators like Wing Commander and Elite: Dangerous I loved the refreshing and polished spaceship dogfighting. Spectacularly gorgeous and performs well. I've finished the campaign twice now.Can't comment on multiplayer - I never touch it. For a great single player shooter you won't find many better than this one.
An alright game, needs more time to develop though and i dont like how it is set in space.
I've never experienced any freezes or anything like that so for the people complaining about that, it may be your hardware who knows. You can't expect every call of duty game to be the same, this game is no different. If you don't go into the game expecting it to be like years in the past, then the game is actually pretty fun. Jump shotters get annoying at times but this is my first computer FPS other than CS. Good game in my opinion, only thing I would add is more zombie maps/games. Even with the DLC PC gamers wait way longer for them to come out which is BS but contracts and♥♥♥♥♥♥ money is more important than pleasing the people. Not a lot of hackers but you will run into a few from time to time.First review, it's scatter brained yes I know. ♥♥♥♥ you if you critique that♥♥♥♥♥♥
ou would think its bad but noo...really fast,easy and fun game.Its worth the money and i would recommend it to any of my friends. :)
Perfection is near. or is perfection allready here? ;)
Many people review this game and hate on it, to tell you the truth I dont know why so many people hate it. The game is what it is a "New" Call of Duty so i dont know what people expect for it, just think if you made something and you wanted to make it better then you get the Call of Duty games. Where they try to be better and add new things but in the end there is nothing new they can really do without the game not being what it is.Beyond that the game is what you would expect from any Call of Duty. I generally only play CoD for its multiplayer and enjoy it cause its an "easy shooter".Ive played this game on both PC and PS4 and gotta say that i just like PC more cause i can use mouse and keyboard and not have to learn how to use a controller again. But PC community has more run and gun people when on PS4 you got games that feel like they never end cause both teams will be corner camping. The only reason i personally like the PS4 version is cause more people play it so i can actually find a game.This game isnt the best game in the world, but if you want a arcade shooter thats new there here you go or just play an older CoD.
Even though people ciricized the game before it even came out, it's one of very few games that depicts war really well and connects the player to each individual characters emotionally. I do not understand why people are so negative towards this game.This is an AWESOME GAME!
I first of all do not understand all the negative reviews and hate for this game.  ive played for a few hours and this game is fun as hell.  i love it.  ive played alot of other call of duty games as well and i think that they did an outstanding job on this game.  the new weapons and grenades are so fun to use.  the locations are varied...graphics are beautiful...the game runs super smooth and ive had no issues so far with bugs and such.  i love the voice acting....it is superb....this game is really worth the price as far as im concerned.....i recommend this game to anyone who loves csll of duty andd loves great combat in space....i will update this further as i progress in the game...but for now i definitely give this game a thumbs up.
I had been hesitating on buying this game for a while due to so many negative reviews. I wish I hadn't waited so long! It's is a fantastic game. The campaign is amazing and the multi-player is exactly what you should expect from call of duty! I hardly ever post reviews but I felt like I need to change some people's minds that maybe have been sitting on the fence like me. The only drawback is there is not nearly as many people playing online as there is on the consoles so that is why you need to buy the game and get online!!
I don't understand why this game get so much hate.I mean it's just like the other call o dooters, except worse.Nothing unusual really. =))peceout
At the launch of the game, I wasn't really into the game, but over time I started to enjoy every single second of the game. It's somehow felt like Battlefield 3: Horrible at launch, but after a while, after adding a DLC and patches, the game feels good. There are of course cons, which I don't understand why did Infinity Ward re-added some stuff to the game, like the Overpowered Akimbo, which was one of the most hated things in previous Call of Duty series. Treyarch did a great job with it, by nerfing them and it took a bit of skill in Black Ops 3, but if I had to choose between IW and BO3, I'd choose this one. People say that Infinity Ward don't make any good Call of Dutys anymore, but for me, every single time they released one, I was never disappointed.
its  a okay game its have its lag  an there are some to its where it does look like some one kill you right with you spawn in your dead  that fast its like what the hell going on every time i spawn in i die  game doesn't make any since about the spawns but its a game
best game ever and the most exciting! probably the best campaign since mw3
Add me for Zombies! <3
cancer except dlc 4
best story mod since MW3... good characters, good missions, good story, good graphic, good cutscenes, awesome ending. I dont care much about multiplayer but singleplayer was worth it
ADD ANTICHEAT btw good game
5/10 would not spaceship again
I bought this game a while ago but the multiplayer doesn't amuse me. I keep getting killed by guys who have superweapons. You might say, you've got a free chance of getting those but I the only thing I get is Epic Callingcards. Pretty useless. To my opinion: the mulitplayer sucks. I've never felt that old feeling: Wow I really feel like playing Call of Duty.The Zombies in this game are to my opinion amazing. Zombies in Spaceland is nothing like the old zombies. But I like it when a game changes (not with boost jump, lasers, robots, suply drop's, wallruns etc etc). I've played a lot of zombies with friends and we all like it. Boss fight is really hard, we're still working on that. This is the only reason this game should be worth 10 bucks. I've not played the Campaign yet. It looks alright for Titanfall 2. I'm not having too much time to play this gamemode but I think it's cool for a space game.Overall: gameplay of the multiplayer sucks, zombies are pretty dope and the campaign looks alright. Beautiful grafics by the way.
need to fix the servers the lag comp is♥♥♥♥♥
i wish you would fix the freezeing but it looks like a  good game
i wish you would fix the freezeing but it looks like a  good game
Great Game despite all hate. If it had dedicated servers it would one of the best cods ever. For me its better than BO3
No robots were harmed in the making of this game !!
I write about the Single Player game mode. I just finished it and saw the credits to the very end. There was a note of the developers who tried to make the best game they could. In my opinion, they succeeded. The story line, written by Brian Bloom, is deeper than the usual FPS story lines. It seems informed by a kind of melancholy quality that I recognize in those who have fought in wars and have lost much. There is also that balance to strike between humanity and ruthlessness that the characters wrestle with. The foe, the SDF, has a zealot quality whose animosity towards Earth is opaque. We never find out why Mars's Kotch chose the path he did, just that he chose war. Perhaps this mirrors the soldier's perspective, "It is not for us to reason why..." I do also like the character of E3N, the sentient android, "Ethan". He (it) does bring to mind the coming of the "singularity" where humans and AIs might not annihilate each other but fuse into something more than the sum of parts. So, a game that makes me think of what it means to be human in a world that always seems to be riven with conflict, is a great game. As for the mechanics, the COD line of games has honed the game play (I used the PC) to the point where realism is immersive. A surprising feature is the, well, feature capture of the actors. They play themselves. Their real-world likenesses appear in the game. They have managed to jump clear of the "creepy valley" effect that plagued Tom Hank's likeness in Polar Express. Well done! It was good to see Farscape's Claudia Black, by the way. In conclusion, an excellent game and story line. Well done!
a very fun game you should really buy it
cool!!!!!!!!!!
I thoroughly enjoyed the campaign on this title. Great gunplay, good characters and pretty insane space battles. The multilayer however is not for me anymore. It's much the same as previous titles which I personally grew bored of after black ops 2.
This is a Call of Duty game.  Imo it is not as crap as people are making it out to be nor is it the next greatest thing since sliced bread.If you have played a multiplayer CoD game (especially one with the double jump/wall run) then you know what to expect here.Overall it is a solid game it works well but brings nothing new to the franchise, i think that is what a lot of people do not like.Multiplayer if you have a good round expect the toxic community to hate you for it (not always but often).Zombies is fun and worth trying once you start to figure out the easter eggs.Single player was fun, i enjoyed both the vehicle and ground sections.
this game gets alot of hate becuase it is made by infinity ward but if you forget about that it is really fun
Verry good game.
gteat!!!
great Game !
great Game !
I liek game yes im cod veteran very nice yes
.
asdasd
Way too much cheaters. SHAME on you both STEAM and Activision / Infinity Ward
awesome game. i never doubt call of duty franchise
Freakin out of this world
I enjoyed the single player for the story and setting; zombiemode is pretty fun aswell (If there are players around).Dont buy for the multiplayer though, getting into a match takes longer then the actual match.I wish they brought back the serverbrowser so I could see where everybody is at. now youre just hoping for the best on your own deserted island.
Will not load most of the time.
Well, the campaign of the game is not bad, but if it's not a sci-fi story, more people would like it.
Hands down one of the best COD campaigns in history, right up there with Modern Warfare, if not better, in case you like SciFi. ;-)Don't care much about the multiplayer, but if you do enjoy single player shooters, this is where it's at. Tightly scripted story, believable characters and awesome setpieces.
I find this CoD IW the best so far  , beautifull graphics awesome pace of walking and jumping and the gun handling and fire rates are well balanced  into some how realistic yet futuristic way. The zombie mode in this one is fun to experience maybe it is the theme park and the music and all the other eye candy around it. Even though there are stutters from time to time , maybe it is my system but it is not that bad.
This game is decent i think it was way to underated, although i would like to see more boots on the ground Call Of Duty games. The only reason i bought this game was for the COD 4 Remastered version, which was not worth it sadly because of the price i paid. Although these are both good games but not for the price so i will give it a thumbs up for the diverse gameplay.
Honestly the best storyline ever in call of duty and most of the gameplay is solid.
hello i am igor from ukraine, and my favourite words are"cheater" "wallhack" and "vac noob" absolutely recommend this product (if you like russians) game of the year !
Ok i played this game for a bit after buying the game and as i have seen there are a lot of people saying this game is bad... i do not think this game is bad runs well and the gameplay online is good, i mean there could be improvments but that is the same with every game, i have not played the zombies yet but i do not think it is that bad after seeing reviews online. Now all these bad reviews i have seen almosted stopped me from paying for the game and getting the remasterd version of call of duty mw, Now i think the remasterd version of call of duty Mw is♥♥♥♥♥♥and needs a lot of improvments, when playing it i got FPS lag when first getting into a game, now i have a GTX 950 overclock and runs every game really well even Infinite Warfare, so i do  not know why that game lags but do not bother buying the remasterd version.
Actually a fun game, don't see what all the hate is for tbh.
This game is a hands down! I ****** love it. I'm not enjoyed a modern COD game this much since the MW series! This has a good story, awesome graphics, good voice acting, side missions, space battles and E3N. :D I love that bot! I understand the hate because the futuristic stuff and the stupid choice about MWR, but besides that, i think this is a very good game. I don't like multiplayer so much, (in every COD not just in this) except zombies, so i recommend this to anybody who want a good single player experience, with MP as icing on it.
i really like the game but i think you should be able to upgrade to legacy edition
best battlefield game
The story is great if you're a fan of Science Fiction. Worth 10 bucks, not more though. The Multiplayer has basically become a pay to win crapfest. I like the movement, but the skins destroy the balancing and give an advantage.tl;dr ONLY BUY IT FOR THE STORY. THE MULTIPLAYER IS♥♥♥♥♥♥
AND THAT'S WHY TITANFALL 2 SUCKS!
I bought the game of sale for approx 16 Euro. I can't say anything about the multiplayer but I really like the SciFi setting in the campaign.The multiplayer is not of interest for me. I think they suck since Modern Warefare... ;)
I am making this review because well i think i should;...... Here goes if youlike classic COD  do not buy this game if you like the later end of this series well then its better than ghosts and Advanced Warfare. Do not buy if you like fair even smooth running FPS's. Do not buy this game if you hate microtransactions there are♥♥♥♥♥♥loads. Do not buy this game if you like dev support in anyway you will not get it. Still i love it the single player is great but very short and glitchy but i like it. Honestly online most of the players you meet are great guys you need to get through the cheats asnd the kids that are just rude. Please don't get sucked in to the DLC just yet because as it stands mutiplyer is laggy and glitchy.
Good game, having a lot of fun while playing it. Cant compare to other CODs, because i came from Battlefield camp. I recomend to buy and play this nice game.There is 3 cons only:- cheaters(hope they will be banned soon)- duplicates of items from sipply drops(not rewarding, worth 0, because details are usless after you open all you want) - REGION LOCK, worthless cause sometimes hard to find peoples to play(night shifts)
Good game :D
My name is Jeff.....Campaign pretty good....
As many of you know, mmost of the Call of Duty players is tired of the futuristic Call of Duty games. And I am one of them.But! I have to say that, this game is hands down the best of the futuristics versions of COD. It just kind of feels like, this is what they intended to do in Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3, but didn't really suceed. The Campaign on this game I give a solid 8/10, great casting and interesting storyline.The multiplayer, can at some points feel a little funky, but that's okay, you get used to it after playing it a while :)Zombies in spaceland is a great concept, though it takes some time learning the easter eggs. And I think that they could have put in at least one or two more zombies maps, without having to pay a bunch for season pass. I think they should have that in mind next time they make a Call of Duty with zombies in it. PS: I've played ever Call of Duty in the franchise since COD 4 Modern Warfare (Which I also got from buying the Legacy Edition) Even though it's not the best Call of Duty ever, I would say that it's pretty good :)I play this game on a Strix GTX 960 4gb card, and it plays very well on high, with a few setting turned down a little.
The first COD I played was COD 2 way back in the foggy mists of time. I've never been a hardcore follower of the series in recent years however, with a lot of the titles being pretty drab and tiresome for a single player campaign lover like myself. With that said, I did give BLOP3 a shot and it bored me to tears. However, on a whim (and because it was cheap), I thought I'd give this a whirl. I'm glad I did. This is the best COD campaign I've played in a long time. Don't get me wrong, it's still pretty hammy in places as far as the story goes, but I found myself engaged with the believable characters and storyline which allowed me a good 8 hours plus of gameplay (including side missions). I feel that the addition of space battles and occasional zero gravity combat alongside the meat and potatoes 'boots on the ground' action added some variety and freshness to the series. Also, having had a crack at the zombie multiplayer campaign, that too is also bags of fun as a side from all the futuristic robot bashing. All in all, a hopeful resurgence in quality for the single player portion of the series.
still ♥♥♥♥ing preloading shaders....
Needs to be splitscreen for 2
Read why I recommended this game:I got the Legcay Edition of the game on sale from Humble Bundle for 59.99. The only reason I wanted the game was to play Modern Warfare Remastered. And after buying I can definitely say it's worth it for 60 bucks. Would I have got this game if it were 80? No. 60? Absolutely. It brings back such nostalgia and almost looks like a brand new game. There are some slight frame/refresh rate bugs when you tab out and stuff, but they're apparenty making an update soon to fix it, but I'd still recommend getting the legacy edition for MWR if you played cod back in it's prime.
An amzing Call of duty game. ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT
A bit short but pretty good game overall. I bought it discounted and I think it was worth it, I recommend the same for anyone else wanting it, the full price is way too salty.I only played singleplayer for anyone wondering.
Honestly i dont know why people hate this game so much. The graphics are good. The game is fun and i would highly recommend this game but i think the game is more worth it when its on sale to be honest.
Sorry to all the trolls that hate COD as a franchise. The mp is actually very fun and although there are cheaters at times, it really isnt as big an issue as people claim. If you want a quick easy to pickup arcade shooter pick it up. Runs well.
some gliches in the campain, however multiplayer makes up for that, more than exhalirating.
Decent if you pay the price I paid, I only paid $29.99 buying it on GreeManGaming, but not worth paying the full price as previous reviews have made clear.
it's alright
surprisingly good wasn't expecting much from infinite warfare but it's actually really good.
I've been a fan of Call of Duty since I was a kid. I've played all of COD games, even though I don't have them on steam, I played all of them. I have to admit, Call of Duty Ghost kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off a bit, and Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3, I found them to be complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I bought Call of Duty Infinite Warfare thinking it would have the remastered Call of Duty Modern Warfare, but it didn't. So I played the story line. To my suprize, it's actually pretty good. Very epic graphics, very good story line and very good character build and history. At the moment I am very pleased to have purchased this game, but only for the single player mode. Rest of it ...bleah.Multiplayer is not that great, it's Titanfall style which is not that great because I want COD not Titanfall.
One Of The Most Epic Game Ever. Fun to play, Zombies is not bad but need to add more maps. Multiplayer is fun but finding a match takes 20 mins or more. Usually i'm never able to find a match(Please Fix This, It's hard and boring as hell to wait.) Overall, Great game. Season pass helps for extra rewards and DLC Maps
I preordered this game for the sole purpose of getting modern warfare remastered.  I really like the campaign, I have not like the multiplayer in  call of duty for some time.  If you like playing the campaigns in a games I do recommend you get this, but I can not recommend anybody to purchase the D L Cs I have played call of duty since the beginning, and the pattern I'm seeing is they are more worried about endgame purchases which I believe has destroyed the multiplayer in this game series.  Let's just hope they do not do a free to play and you have to pay money to get your weapons.
super cool game, single player was very cool but not as good as black ops 3. mulitiplayer is fast pasted but full of little whiny people who dont like being beat and way too many hackers. but still fun :)
After a day of work i don`t want to play a round of 45 minutes with WW1 guns! 10-15 mins of pure awesomenes flying on walls and slicing with a knife a knoobhead.P.S. It runs on any crap PC with a Fermi Video card
So I got this game for the single player campaign, and... I loved it.The story is by-the-numbers but has enough twists and trope revisions to keep things fresh. The missions are split between pilot and cover-based shooting, the former being a little repetitive and under-developed, but all in all a good game to get on sale.Multiplayer Zombies is brilliant co-op fun, and have no interest in PVP, which is what this game is so heavily panned for...Highly Reccomended on sale, if only for the SPC and Co-Op modes.
Unable to connec online online worst COD of the year!
This review is based on campaign only, as I wasn't able to get on the multiplayer due to lack of players & matches available on Steam.This campaign was very unique and felt way more different than any other COD game I have played. Now to me this is a great thing. I enjoyed every mission in the game, and the graphics were amazing. I really enjoyed the fast paced space battles in the Jackals more than anything else. I feel like this could be a seperate game of its own using this engine. It was really cool idea of the reloading drones. Plus I liked the simplicity of the weapons for this type of warfare. It made it feel more like an arcade feel though then a space/flight simulator like Elite Dangerous for example.  I never really could stay interested in the campaigns before, but this one kept me entertained. I will say there was a few glitches as I bought it as soon as it was released. After the first big patch it really optimized the game. It looks pretty awesome at 5760x1080 and runs really good on my Nvidia 870M 3GB  in my MSI laptop. Now there is a sound issue, seems to be software only. I have Windows 10, but it effects all as far as i know. I learned some people who were saying this may fix your issue, if you get this game and have any issues. Go to your sound manager in control panel and change your sound to Stereo. Its the only one that works for some reason. I found out this helps with most my games, even with 5.1 speakers attached. If you are still unable to fix the issue, I also heard steam will give you a full refund as long as you haven't played to far into the game. So I conclude with this a great game, especially for COD series. Its unique and I really enjoyed the feel of the game, the cinematics and the campaign isn't super short. You even can pick your missions and unlock some upgrades to help you out. My favorite parts of the game are the jackal strikes and I really wish there was more of them honestly. I have seen this game get a bad rap because the sound issue. If your into the multiplayer only though, I recommend xbox one for that as there is a sad lack of PC gamers on the multiplayer.
best game eva
Call of duty Inifinite Warfare was an attempt at making something the community hated something they could like, with the far future enhanced movement and such. This game attempted to combine aspects of many call of duties before it, with the Specialists of BO3, the time to kill of MW2, The Map design of Ghosts/MW3 and the far future setting of Advanced Warfare. It turned out to be the worst selling COD of all time. But, in my opinion, it is not a bad game. The campaign is one of the best the series has to offer, and the multiplayer has modes that completely remove the enhanced movement. Many people would find this game fun if they just gave it a try, and didn't let some big youtube content creators tell them its a garbage game. Half the reason this was the worst selling game is because thousands of impressionable people did not even glance at it because their favourite youtuber said
This game is far better than some idiot on the internet will say it is. If you like Call of Duty Black ops 3, you will probably like this one. campaign is fun and refreshing with cool space battles both in ships and on enemy ships where you can use a cool grappling hook to attatch to pretty much anything. The story and characters are kinda generic (except 4 Ethan, he's cool) but pretty good anyway and far better than BO3's campaign (plus in this one you fight Jon Snow).Multiplayer isn't very good in this game however as its pretty much a carbon coppy of BO3's mp but  bad with a clunky thruster pack, overpowered weapons avalable in the supply drops (pay 2 win), tiny maps, extremly quick time to kill, some cool weapons (for example a sniper that becomes an assult rifle with a button press) but the rest are kinda boring and forgetable. The specialists from BO3 are back yet pretty sh*tty this time as the claw is ovrpowered and all the others are kinda meh. Also back from BO3 is the extensive weapon customization, which is always a good thing, and this is in both MP and zombies.zombies is probably the best part of the game with the new map, Spaceland, being really fun. its quite an easy map compaired to previous BO3 maps and its not as good as treyarch maps but its still really good for Infinity Wards first go. The Pack a punch is easy and simple to get to as it opens up as you make your way around the map, clown rounds are fun yet tense in higher rounds when you have low ammo, the map flows well as portals here and there to get you to safety.  I also really like the whole generic 1980s theme of the map as well as the characters. There are a few things about this map that can be very frustrating: the brute boss zombie is very hard to kill and can completely screw up the game, some of the lanes are very narrow making it hard to get around sometimes. As a whole its a pretty good game, not the best Cod at all yet definatly not the worst, yeah the multiplayer isn't great but if your a zombies fan like me then you will probably like this. MP fans may wanna look somewhere else for a good MP experiance. if your into futuristic warfare then try Titanfall 2 (GOTY in my opinion), for competative MP fans who like objective game play i would reccomend Overwatch (or titanfall 2), or if your looking for a good campaign then try Battlefield 1 (or, once again, titanfall 2). In terms of call of duty however, I would reccomend Black ops 3 over this one any day. 6.5/10
if you like fast paced multiplayer fps get this
Can't find any games 11/10. BEST LOBBY FINDING SIMULATOR EVER !
Good and engaging campaign (as always), okay Zombies mode (never a favourite) and the same old multiplayer that hasn't changed in 10 years.If you want a fun campaign, defintely a must play.If you want engaging and evolving multiplater, look elsewhere. Mulitplayer has been the same since COD4 (which is why they put out the remaster)If you want something better and by the original team who did MW, play TitanFall 2.
Rule one: ignore all the fkn haters, judge for yourselves.In my humble opinion this game worth it for the campaign alone. The best campaign since modern warfare 1+2 and black ops . The futuristic setting doesnt harm it but gives the game variety with technology and weapons. Realistic military story with  strong characters that make you care and mourn their loss. The story also talks about how  being a man and a leader involves making hard decisions and it is a great aspect of the story. Gameplay: The weapons sound and react  great, each one is unique and doesnt feel like watergun. After you finish the campaign you unlock specialist difficulty that makes it feel like another game with different gear you must use to survive and your limbs gettin shot. I wish they used the wallrunning and jumpkit better.And on top of that you get multi and zombies which are good. Overall the team showed great talent in gamedesign, and this game deffenetly deserves better than the reviews it received.
♥♥♥♥
well infinite warfare is much better than black ops 3 and the multiplayer is not that bad, but the main reason i bought this is MW Remastered and im Enjoying it
I think this is a fun game.The campaign in Infinite Warfare is very immersive.  I love the plot of the story.  The characters don't seem as memorable as other campaigns, but I like them, nonetheless.Multiplayer is very fun, to say the least.  I know the supply drops are a bit of a let down, but other than that, the multiplayer itself is nice.  The gameplay is very smooth, and so far, I've never encountered any glitches.  It really did bring back the old "Call of Duty" Feel, as I've come to describe it.The zombies mode itself is incredible.  The style of the game is very original, which is something I like.  I like how they had David Hasselhoff in Zombies in Spaceland; that's one of my favorite parts.  Killing zombies also made the experience fun.  Plus, the zombie clowns startle me, especially the first time I played zombies mode.All-in-all, this is a good game that simply needs the attention it deserves.
I actually like this but i really wanna try mwr and i dont see it in store
Super...
Great game despite it's faults but worth the delux package especially since the remaster is great.
very good game♥♥♥♥♥♥nuggets
CALL OF DUTY - Infinite Warfare:I don't start to talk about  ''Infinite Warfare'' - Because it's waste of time (Fast review - it's better then ''COD Black Ops III'' but guys they take the games Halo + The New DooM  and make cod ''Infinite Warfare'' , if you really want to try the cod Remastered. WAIT FOR SALE!!!! OR FIND FREE DOWNLOAD !!!  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CALL OF DUTY MODERN WARFARE - REMASTERED:So i buy the ''Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Digital Legacy Edition'' pack it's Infinite Warfare and ''Call Of Duty 4 Remastered''and i just now finsh the singel player and i can say - it's all about the graphic card guys , if you have a good graphic cardlike GTX 970 Or Better! (I am using in GTX 1060 6GB ROG STRIX) - I can say you really can enjoy from the new ''COD - REMASTERED'' the  graphic so amazing the explodes all the shots makes me feeling like i am the real soldier and it's all real! - amazing upgrade and i wish they keep doing new cods just like remastered and new storys i love it ! (next time witout this packs because we want real war not future war! ! !
♥♥♥♥♥AF
like it
zombies 10-10 amazingmultiplayer 7-10 fun but can get boring with out friendscampain 8-10 story is good, fun to play and looks amazing
game is fun the main story is good multiplayer is ok and zombies is GREAT!!! but there is a couple of bugs stills but not to bad
It's different
Verry nice game, you just need to play it to understand it. eather you like it or you don't
It's not as bad as everyone says it is, It's not great and black ops 3 was defintley better but its not the worst cod out there.
after playing the game, i did not enjoy the multiplayer personally, but the idea behind it such as the missions were very unique to the cod line up, so thumbs up for that. call me old fashioned, but i enjoy advanced warefare and modern warefare titles so maybe thats why im not so 100% with this game. big plus for adding music to the zombies, although it takes away from that thrilling effect the previous zombie games had (i no longer feel scared playing zombies lol) but the music is good though. it makes you all primed up to shoot those undead suckers. and the random zombie spawning in the majority of the map makes it a level more fun...you almost never know where there're gonna spawn next unless you replay the same level over and over. but i guess by now, if you're not new to zombies, you'd be farming those undead beings so the above wont matter.bottom line.... its an ok game, i loved the new ideas they put in, in this COD game, dont like the space flying stuff in the campaign though.
its ok
â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥awsome game
Doesn't deserve the hate of course But the game is not as great as expected by me But still it's pretty amazing to play I play everyday and have like 100 hours on the game Definitely recommend it Pretty fun game
help me  i buy CP 1100  not work
Second review. After so many patch updates, i can say the game is now very fun. The main complain people are making is about hackers. I would say that i usually have a good overall game play even if i notice some cheaters and feel good when i beat them even when they're cheating. I mean, name me a single game that doesn't have hackers as todays date? None even if VAC is enable. By the way they just enabled VAC yesterday with the new patch which means way less cheaters from now on. To be sincere, i never played COD so much since the first modern warfare. For some reason this COD is very addictive. Don't pay attention to the complains and give it a try. I think this is the best MP and zombies game play ever.
nice game but it can be much better
Do NOT buy for multiplayer.It'sâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥Campaign and Zombies, pretty good.
Multiplayer awesome like alwayscampaign is blow your mind great graphics/spaceships/weaponszombie mode it's too cool
A lot of people might say this about Infinite Warfare: It's trash, garbage, waste of time. But if you actually gave it a shot, then you might change your mind about it. My cousin(and friend on steam)gave me the Digital Deluxe Edition that includes DLC and MWR, I honestly found myself more excited for IW than for MWR(since I've already played the original MW). Probably because I like futuristic games, but try it at least.
Now, Let's have an honest look at this game.The game runs amazingly well for me. I haven't had a single stutter in the game in my 26 hours of playing this game.I had a look at all of the currently available modes:CampaignZombiesMultiplayer (PvP)So let's analyse each of them in their own section shall we?So the Campaign has a great immersive story with a decent amount of content. It took me about 10 hours of playtime.What do you do in these 10 hours?Well, that's not that easy to describe due to the large variety this game offers.The basic part is obviously the whole shooting on foot. The weapons feel well balanced and enemies react well to beeing shot. They don't just run to their position sit there, shoot every now and then and stab you when you are to close.Well they still stab you if you get to close.But, i remember a situation where I had to defend some sort of chamber and it was the most fun I had in shooters in a long time.It was a huge chamber with 2 floors and several TYPES of enemies. They offered me a lot of stuff that goes boom and said HAVE FUN KILLING!Enemies flanked me and made it hard for me to just stick in a position. So my solution? Fight through one side and force my enemy to reposition them which gave me some easy kills. Get some explosives to deal with the big guys and so on.It's a situation that shows how much fun a modern military shooter can be as it mixes some classical shooter elements with new shooter elements.Sadly Health still is on regeneration and not on pickups/Medpacks of any kind. But well it's CoD that's to be expected.Enemies have improved a lot. And i don't mean "oh they kill me faster" way. I mean, they ACTIVELY try to flank you and surprise you. They have a better Ai than some games that are purely PvE like Payday 2. The Ai is horrible in that one.So the ground part offers a lot of open spaces, with space combat and much more. It's great and one of the best I have seen in a MMS.Now the second big part of the campaign is flying a freaking Space Ship. It does feel great flying through space shooting other pilots in their fighters, while sieging carriers. The game keeps momentum in Space (as the rules of 0 Gravity dictate)It doesn't always feel completly fleshed out and it can be sometimes a bit hard to actually understand where everything is.There is a whole lot of things to explore and the campaing convinces with a solid gameplay and amazing Space sceneries. Beeing able to blow up windows in a space station to let enemies get sucked out into Space just feels great.Zombies:This one felt a bit out of place for me. It takes place in a movie. 4 Players fight against oncoming hordes of zombies that will get stronger over time. Players get money for fighting off Zombies and can buy more parts of the Space Park where they can find better weapons to buy or better positions to defend.I haven't beaten it and doubt it can be beaten as I had a Zombies session going for 40 minutes.Lots of upgrades and abilities dropped by zombies as pick ups keep the mode fresh.It's fun getting the unlimited grenade upgrade and blowing up zombies with grenades for a few seconds.Definetly worth trying out if you like Zombie game modes. It's well made and has it's own kind of humour.I have personally never been a fan of these modes but I can see player putting in 20+ hours in this mode easily.Multiplayer: Oh boy, it's a fast paced PvP shooter. People die fast but a slow paced approach can often help aswell.Sieging positions. Tactical grenades and so on.It's a normal Multiplayer with a lot of unlockables ( if you are in that kind of stuff...) which bothers me personally.I haven't felt like I have no chance due to not having everything though.It feels amazing to kill a few people by flanking them and giving them a few quick head shots.The community is surprisingly nice.If you aren't into the fast paced shooter though this could be frustrating.Technical stuffs for PC Gamers:FoV goes up to 120.You can render up to a 200% render resolution to increase fidelity of the game.Colourblind mode: AvailableFPS: Solid Stable 60 FPS (I wish for 144 but well it's good enough)AA: SMAA T2X and FXAABorderless window mode available.The basic settings you'd expect are all here.Nothing is missing.It really is a solid game and can offer a lot of fun to players who are open minded to the whole sci fi setting.The Campaign alone is worth the price tag.DO NOT BUY THE SEASON PASS UNLESS YOU LOVE THE GAME! AND I MEAN REALLY LOVE!Don't let random hate comments overshadow the game. Look at honest reviews.It's currently a "cool thing" to hate on Call of Duty. The game doesn't matter for these people. Random hate is more important.People don't point out why the Infinite warfare is "the worst cod ever"I don't want to invalid those peoples feelings. But you have to keep in mind: "Are these people actually informed about what they are talking about"I don't mind having hate on this positive Review. But as someone who hasn't played much CoD before I was surprised how much fun I had/have.Be a smart and informed Gamer instead of a sheep in the herd.Have fun gaming!~ChickenDash
single player is good, maybe a little bit short but it's interesting and its got Jon Snow in it.multiplayer is actually quite fun, the movement is interesting and keeps things fresh.Would probably get it when it's on sale but it's good
Honestly i really like it;Great campain (amazing story and variety with  the upagrades and jackal fights/upgrades)Great zombies (basically activison zombies (which is amazing))The multiplayer is pretty good just the servers are not that full but the rest is goodI think that this game would have done well sue to all of the above but it was just released at the wrong time when the community wanted somthing else.
> 5 hours download> Ask mate to play> Says he hasn't got it> Mate stars downloading> takes 40 mins> finishes> shaders does its thing> 20 mins later > "cant join your game its full"> leave lobby and he joins> look for lobby in TDM> can't find one> searches for lobby in domination> instantly found > joins into game> mate says "ohhh create a class"> "fair enough create a class at game start is unusual"> isn't even in game> leaves and re-invites> joins again> plays another> mate can't join> goes into private match> mate also kicked> go into zombies> mate can't join because game froze> voice now hurts because of laughter9/11 would break game againeckz dee
not as bad as you've heard just same old same old. Some annoying bugs in the Singleplayer Campaign as well - you have to restart the mission to get past!Multiplayer is fun - pretty similar to all other CODs before - nothing new, just more of the usual.Get it on sale or buy Battlefield1 instead
Good. Game graphics too don't know why people hatev this game
Campaign: AlrightZombies: GoodMultiplayer:â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
First impressions: no zombies played. First of all the campaign start is gorgeous. You are taken into the future, new world, new conflicts. There are some issues with the cinematics having a bit of stuttering but that doesn't ruin the gameplay. When you take control, the game runs smooth, fluid and has awesome graphics. The multiplayer feels a lot like Black Ops 3 and even with starting gear it feels good. You have a ton of specialists and things to experiment. About the hatred this game received: First of all, COD MW1 was missing from my collection and it felt a bit annoying to be forced into buying COD IW in order to access COD MW1 Remastered. From all CODs i have played, i enjoyed the most MW2 and MW3 so it felt like i should have MW1 also. Then i realised i actualy wanted both games. Yeah, i do want to experience Feet on Ground from MW1 and i also wanted to see the new game. I thought about it, and i did pay for COD MW3 100 euro to get the game and the DLCs. Now for 100 euro i got IW + DLCs and MW1, so in financial terms i did get more for 100 euro than before. It is a lot compared to other quality games like CSGO that cost little and offer so many hours of gameplay, but there is also a lot more content to explore in CODs. Compared to CSGO, you get single player campaign, quality cooperative maps and bigger multiplayer content. You cannot compare the competitive parts because in COD games you have to play to unlock things while in CSGO you get everything from start and all you need to develop is the skills to become better. What i dislike the most about COD games is that when new game appears, the previous games become deserted. They should sell old versions that lack people for a lot less money. You do not have 50.000 players online so why ask for a full price when you should ask for 10-15% of that price? You already made the sale when that game was released, give people old games for cheap and they will make efforts to buy your new releases. Why settle with 100.000 premium buyers when you can have 10 million happy customers? Lower prices = good business. Think about it!Back to IW, if you can afford it, it is worth buying it, otherwise you can just watch the walkthroughs and gameplay on youtube and still experience the game that way. Enjoy it!!
Love the game! - It is perfect if you like to enjoy an actionloaded popcorn movie story to play through combined with good shooter gameplay.-Graphics and i encountered no big bugs at all.-Story is not long but it was entertaining the entire gametime.-Multiplayer i have to admit I haven't tried.- It's not why i bought the game.
it a ok game but unfortunantly not much people are online :-( so its hard to find a match. but do give this game a chance its decent. i only paid Â£15 for this just keep that in mind.
lol bought this just for the zombies i have always like their zombies they need to just stop all of it and only make zombie games i know they would be better at it :D
Being playing through single player so far it is quite a good game.Not yet played Multiplayer so cant comment on that yet.
This game isn't actually as bad as i thought it would be.
TIPSBuy at ur own riskBuy the game when it's on sale.(recommended sale price - 50% up or free)It's similar to Black ops 3(Ctrl-C+V) Don't expect much from this game just accept it as it is. You will have better look at it when u play.Get for the consoles Not completley recommended for PC. Bad portTry Titanfall 2 instead My PROS-Great campaign-Game looks beatiful-Zombie is funky and fun. Trying to do the easter eg is very challenging-Multiplayer is work in progress-Modern Warfare Remastered is exceptionally better and there is more people on it My CONSNot really worth the price. -No leaderboards-No rank/competitive base gamemode-No proper stat placement-No medals/badges to show any of your accomplishments just -"coming soon" on some of the tabs, which imply the game not fully finish -"Bad port for PC" is false. So port means from  console to pc so yah my bad-Random crashes-Multiplayer progression is way too slow-A limited amount of players which makes games harder to find (everyone plays TDM)-weird 91fps cap. When fps drops the game stutter.-Hackers-Salvage is almost non existent. Most of it is from supply drops(duplicates)-Supply drop duplicates in every single supply drop-Player base is too little--more problems to come
Worth it if you get it on sale, campaign was awesome in my opinion. Multiplayer is well it's average and nothing special.
Everyone was saying that this game is really, REALLY bad. So I gave it a try. Its actually pretty fun. If you are good at fps type games then you're good to go. Multiplayer is fun and lobbies only take long to find if you are playing past 1 am. Campaign was interesting being able to fly in a jackal and zombies is great as always. I give this game an 8/10
I held off on buying this game because of the negative reviews so I waited until it was on sale and picked up the digital remaster edition off of Humble Bundle. The content of the single player campaign on Infinite Warfare is pretty awesome. It doesn't really feel like a COD game. The weapons feel pretty great and the small extras such as the seeker grenades are an awesome addition to the game. The only con that I have noticed is the horrible frame drops during some cutscenes. I have a GTX 1080 and I will get drops down to 14 FPS on 4K resolution. The gameplay rarely droips that bad so I'm not to concerned about the optimization of the game. Overall I would recommend the game for single player as I haven't tried the multiplayer.
Well after reading a bunch of reviews I held off purchasing this game for quite a while. But I really wanted a new cod so I took a chance. This review purtains to multiplayer only:I'd like to start off by saying that there arew few to no hackers in this game,  people just constantly accuse good players of hacking. It happens to me plenty and I just take it as a compliment. This annoys me because so many reviews talk about the hacking problem which I dont see happening.I mainly stick to team deathmatch so I dont usually have trouble getting into games as the majority of the player base is here.The guns have a large variety and many can transform into different types of guns, perks are pretty standard, and scorestreaks are not too different from past cods. The rigs are similar to operators from black ops 3 but have more customization options and abilities, I really like them in this game.I'd like to finish by saying I'm really loving the multiplayer in this game and have already put in 60 hours with more on the way. There are not really any bad maps and the game is fun and addictive as ♥♥♥♥.
Well after reading a bunch of reviews I held off purchasing this game for quite a while. But I really wanted a new cod so I took a chance. This review purtains to multiplayer only:I'd like to start off by saying that there arew few to no hackers in this game,  people just constantly accuse good players of hacking. It happens to me plenty and I just take it as a compliment. This annoys me because so many reviews talk about the hacking problem which I dont see happening.I mainly stick to team deathmatch so I dont usually have trouble getting into games as the majority of the player base is here.The guns have a large variety and many can transform into different types of guns, perks are pretty standard, and scorestreaks are not too different from past cods. The rigs are similar to operators from black ops 3 but have more customization options and abilities, I really like them in this game.I'd like to finish by saying I'm really loving the multiplayer in this game and have already put in 60 hours with more on the way. There are not really any bad maps and the game is fun and addictive as ♥♥♥♥.
The content in the game is honestly pretty good. The biggest issue is the lack of a suitable system for connections. The amount of times bullets are clearly hitting the person but not registering is very annoying, especially without aim assist. I am seriously on the edge here, because I don't want to give this a positive review to make the publisher feel like what they are doing is right, however, I can't give it a negative purely because the campaign and the zombies are pretty solid. It is hard to judge the right price to buy the game at, since I would mainly buy it for zombies, but without the season pass zombies is only one map. However, the season pass is priced insanely high AND it is supposed to be for multiplayer content, too, which is irrelevant at the state COD is at right now. Therefore, I can only recommend if the digital deluxe edition is on sale for a reasonable price. People who truly love COD multiplayer may still like it. I just feel really sad as of now because the "future" setting is already hated on for no reason and now it is being tainted the wrong way, whereas I could see people realizing that it really is fun without the poor technology implemented for modern use in terms of internet-related content.
very good game, it has come a long way. bo3 was good but AW was disgusting.
This...this is a good game, yes it might follow a lot of the unifortunate cookie cutter tropes of the franchise, but haven't played a CoD since MW1...and being a huge fan of sci-fi...and a lot of the amazing minds they brought into make this a reality...Infinite Warfare is easily one of my top sci-fi games. It feels good, it's short...but it's packed full of *stolen* or creatively borrowed mechanical motiffs for gameplay, but what can really be done at certain points. It's not like we can just not use concepts that are legitimate for the settings, or cast aside the standards of what's conventional, etc. That said, most of my joy from this came from the clearly divergent aspects of what makes CoD "CoD" or whatever you want to call it. The space, the slow moments, the almost Mass Effect style RPG elements, it was amazing! I'm not going to lie to join the hate wagon, I still don't like a lot of aspects of this, the focus on MP, the studios...iffy background...etc. But being able to enjoy the Retribution and the srrounding game...Infinite Warfare is actually a good game to me. I want the era of the Retribution to be real, I want humanity to realize it's potential. And that means taking our collective baggage and pushing it to the limits, with time, we will change, and for a time, it will be good. Just like this...
It saddens me to see so many mindless idiots bashing the game without even experiencing the SP campaign to its fullest. First of all, the SP campaign had difficulties higher than veteran which is challenging and fun. The story is a little bit cliche but fantastic and they added side missions into the campaign where you do have some degree of decision making(basically go loud or stealth). Yes there is imperfections to the game (stealth is too easy) but this game is bringing back the excitement CoD had brought to players years ago.On the other hand, unfortunately, the MP is extremely similar to BO3 and AW, there are limitations to MP for devs to tweak them so I am not judging this game bad just because of that. You can encounter hackers in almost all online MP games and they do released patches to fix that. Another downside to this game is that the MP player base is heavily on console side and PC MP player base is kinda thin. In conclusion, please ignore all those mindless bashing and gice this game a try, if you are not a CoD veteran and haven't played MW before, it is also a phenomenal game so get the remastered too. If you are hesitant about this and because I mentioned few players on MP, wait for a sale. I am confident that this game is definitely worth its price.
One of the best COD campaigns I've played.
Not worth the 60 dollar price, but if you can get the game for 30 the single player is one of the best in some time.Multiplayer has less players the Black Ops 3 can be impossable to find games other then tdm.Worth it for ~30 for single player.
It's okay....well...sorta.The campaign is fantastic, I loved every single drop of it, zombies was decent, although I prefer bo3 zombies. One thing is for certain, multiplayer is dead. and I mean DEAD. I have spent so long trying to find a server for both zombies and multiplayer, never and I mean EVER have I even got to see a glimpse of multiplayer. Shame, it's such a beautiful and fun game but alas, cannot be enjoyed with others due to how dead it is. 6/10, fantastic campaign, zombies needs work, multiplayer dead.
i like robots:)
I love this game a lot! It's highly addictive and extremely fun! The guns are balanced good.
Awesome campaign
I love the game and the futuristic design! Great job!
It's acceptable.
I enjoy it.
I think it's a very cool game. If you like sci-fi games then you should buy this.
nice game too much hate :)campaign is pretty good multiplayer is awesome <3cheaters are rarity... 9/10 xDDDDyes.. infinite warfare is better than black ops 3
Good game. If you liked advanced warfare then you will like this.Does take a while to fetch players on zombies, but it is worth the wait.Multi-player is good, although there is no real competition.Overall it's a good game, would recommend if you can get it cheap :)
My first COD so i have nothing bad to say. This game kept me busy for weeks but unfortunately BF1 took over. Still recommend it though. By the way, Southeast Asia players do join my Discord gaming group at  and help make it a home to SEA gamers :) Mucho appreciated!!
For a start, I got this game on sale.Okay, so I honestly enjoy this game but that's not me saying that all the negative things aren't true, low playerbase, hackers, all that is true, but blown out of proportion. I never struggle to find a game (TDM and DOM), I don't play other game modes so cannot say for them. I also have never had lag issues (disregarding the time my router went down and caused lag until it completely shut off my wifi)So the biggest negativity is hackers, it's not as if every game is entirely full of hackers, in my experience theres only 1 hacker in a game, every 3 or 4 games or so. But the biggest problem is, even if they're reported nothing is done about it, I've seen hackers in games a week later, after multiple people reported them, TF is up with that?Now for my main pros:-Really enjoy the graphics + Plus they don't need amazing specs to run ultra (AMD fx6100, 8gb 2133mhz vengeance ram and an overclocked R9 280x will run max settings at 60+fps bar 1 map, that I cannot remember the name of)-I like the weapons, especially the different rarity weapons you can obtain, adds diversity to the weapons (I haven't played a cod game since BO3 so excuse me if this is in games between, I'm not sure)-The maps are very good, with alot of diversity of long|medium|short ranged maps, but all still fast paced.Overall I'd say 8/10, Definitely recommend to get at a sale price, would say don't bother at full price.♥♥♥♥♥amp;steam sales are your friend:)
I am comming from Black Op2 and Ghosts so I have no opinions on wall walking or jump boosting.Once I bought the game I jumped strait into campain and loved it immediately. The graphics were awesome the space setting was great and the fact that you start near Jupiter was marvelous. The campain's story was pretty good along with some twists from the missions that came unexpected. I havn't tried all but it's nice that there are side missions going to different planets or moons to fight more bad guys. The robot named Etham, one of the main characters, was one of the best parts of the compain. He made little jokes here and there and just made this story quite interesting. I don't know if I accidentally found an easter egg but half way through the credits you can hold right mouse and you see Ethan's head flying above mars lol.So next; the multiplayer. I think the mechanics were nicely designed, the quartermaster/supply drop system makes me rage a bit but that just casual. Most maps are very wall interactive and make you move alot in close and long range quarters. The reviews say theres lots of hackers, I've only encountered like 2-3? Most of the players are actually really good and provide a touch challenge sometimes.Let's move to zombies. This zombies is like no other before, if you don't know how Spaceland works before playing, you are strait up dead. There are many mechanics to learn and lots of traps and parts to collect that take you on a long journey. There is even an "easter egg" that I havn't tried myself but looks to be a great challenge. It is definately something to love about the new COD. Also the DLC for zombies "Rave in the Redwoods" I think it was called, looks intense with lighting and that "party feeling."I want to say something about most of the negative reviews. I see that most people don't care for futuristic games as much as they used to and many are moving to Battle Field 1 (of course if a few do it, everyone is gonna hop on the band wagon) but thats natural. But some of these review ares just really bad and don't have a purpose or thought in them. One more thing is that people only care about multiplayer (I guess?) and only write their reviews 5min into a "bad" multiplayer game. I just wish people made more clean reviews.Summary: I think COD Infinite Warefare is a great game overall and theres no need to put "hate" everywhere.Thanks for reading.
+rep many angry young people
So I've played the game for about 50h. To be honest, I love it. It's being criticized on all fronts; unjustified if you ask me. Don't know about the fps problems people are complaining about, but the graphics are good, not outstanding, but good and the multiplayer maps are just fantastic! Level design is key to such games, and COD masters that like no other game! Single player is supposed to be great, but c'mon, COD has become a MULTIPLAYER GAME! Single player..pffff...So far so good, but there are issues! Why on heaven's earth are there two platforms on pc??? This is nonsense and will create problems when the player base diminishes. Why did I buy COD Points without receiving any? Cool concept by the way, you pay money for nothing! Got to remember that...And WTF is wrong with the online store? This seems to be a bigger issue...Anyway, DON'T LISTEN TO THE CRITICS! THE GAME IS GREAT AND A LOT OF FUN TO PLAY!!!Yours faithfullyDorfmeister
In respect of the Whole Crew who worked behind this game, I am honored to have played such a beautiful masterpiece of game.And I am talking about the technical part behind the gameI do not really understand why the community disliked it on youtube before even playing it.People do not know how much work there is behind such games, just the acting took 15 months!I love the story, the concept, the ANIMATIONS which are the best on the market now, I loved every aspect of itAnd I am really sad that people washed it away so easily, just because of the BOOTS ON THE GROUND ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TAfter Call of duty World at War , Modern Warfare ,Black Ops 1 and Ghosts, finally a title worth the money paid.Thank You
Like the Single Player and the Zombies but the am dissipointed about the multiplayer does not have Search and Destroy playlist.  If you put the Search and Destroy playlist back in this game it would be ok again.
This is one of the best games I've ever played  it has a amazing storyline and it's really fun Zombies 8/10Campaign 9/10Multiplayer 5/10Graphics 7/10
"Boots On The Grou....Boots In The Air Marines!"
Zombie is great, i love the 80s theme and it feels better then the normal bo3 Zombie maps (my opinion). The Multiplayer is sadly a little empty so most modes are not really played beside of TDM and DOM.The jumping is ok not to much like it was in AW, weapons a great in desing and feel. Overall i would say its a good Call of Duty, but i liked Ghosts too :D
good game
It's fun even if it's not as good as the earlier warfare series.This gmae is kind of a mix between Unreal, TF2 and Call of Duty.
I love this game! cant really see the problem with taking stuff out off Halo. halo is a great game and I have always wanted it to com for PC. so I am really happy to see sutch a great game frachise take another great franchise and combine them.- Good job Activision!
I can honestly say that the game is not all that bad. The campaign was fun, a bit confusing (but simple), and interesting. I feel like the characters were developed by a sufficient amount as I felt attached to them during the ending scene. Graphics are beautiful. Gave my mediocre build quite a workout.Here are the things I did not like:The weapon choices were not very well thought through. There is zero diversity. I feel like the developers made the first gun in each class, copied and pasted that gun like 4 times, and then made minor changes to the model so that we would subconsciously think each gun is substantially different one from another... yeah no.The only other major thing that I didn't like was how simple the campaign was. The MW series kept things original with ongoing plot introductions and changes. This game was way too dry. Also, if you are going to have the game be space themed, you cannot have humans be the sole race involved in the action. Adding aliens adds weapon and vehicle diversity. At least in previous COD releases (that were earth based), the weapons and vehicles were at least a little bit familiar. Throwing all of these new weapon names at us without a sufficient amount of personality with said weapons results in bleh. To give you an example, the Needler from Halo. It is alien but is different in its own way. Another example is the MSR from MW3. That gun was my best friend for many many months because it had the kind of personality that allowed you to open up to it and unlock its full potential.To sum it up, IW was a copy-paste of BO3 with more middle finger. 6/10GG
I have to say that this is one of my favorite Call Of Duty games. I realize opinions are pretty polar on this game, but I find it to be a fun, fast paced shooter. I really enjoy the maps and the design of the weapons and armor. After having propulsion packs and being able to run on walls I almost feel like it would be hard going back to a game that was "boots on the ground". Maybe even boring. Only cons I'd give the game is the same I have for all the Call Of Duty games I've played (and I've been playing since Modern Warfare 1) - the cheaters. I don't understand why people feel the need to cheat. Part of why I love these games is to overcome how much I always suck initially and to actually become good at the game. There's no real sense of accomplishment with cheating. I don't get it. But I digress. The cheaters suck. I don't see the company doing much about it honestly. But, it's still a fun game and you can always get a new lobby after a match if you don't want to play with someone who is cheating. But I really really do wish the company would put a huge smackdown on these guys. They could use an engine update as well. It's not a game breaker for me, and don't get me wrong, the graphics are good, they could just be better. I hope that whatever their follow up to this (though this may not be the popular opinion) they will keep with the futurist theme. Or at the very least they stay with a Modern or Advanced warfare setting. I'm really just not interested in shooting people with guns from the 50s. Sorry BF1.
Great♥♥♥♥♥
i baught cod points and they didnt give them to me.what a scam.its a good game tho
It's an awesome game! I don't get why everyone's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bout it
yay
This game is Great and by great I mean the Zombies and Campaign Yes the mutiplayer blows but other then that this game is super fun for those two things in my opinion only buy this game 20-30$ only no more not worth. But The campaign is great and zombies are super fun with frineds becuase you wont find any playing online.
I LOVE THIS GAMENow to start off, I just want to say that the money I paid for this game was totally worth it!I have been wanting the game since it came out on my birthday (Das right bois, my birthday every years COD release date)and I have enjoyed every minute of my playtime. CAMPAIGN - I love ETH3N, (but in all seriousness) I love where this story is going (as I have just started it) and I died so many times trying to crash myself into the SDF ships XD. MULTIPLAYER - Now even though PC cod players only play TDM, with the mission team objectives I feel like I am actually trying to get something or somewhere objectivly in any gamemode I get to play. Even though BO3 did do this through the black market contracts, I feel like it didn't do it as well as IW has done it with them changing literally everytime you complete one.ZOMBIES - This is a...... different take of zombje story that Infinity Ward has taken. I am going to be honest here, I was a bit stingy at the idea of Zombies in a amusement park in space near the 1980's at first, but know that I understand how to story is progressing, it is something I could get behind. Of course, its story will never match what BO3 had and I will like bo3's alot more than this, but I will enjoy playing it and its story.Now people are going to hate me on this, but I am starting to prefer this over BO3. Now don't get me wrong, I will always go to bo3 for some good zombies, but this game (in my perspective) has a better multiplier experiende and an amazing campaign story (besides, you can't honestly say that bo3's campaign wasn't at all anti-climatic) Now, I can't say this is a perfect COD title, I mean almost three months into its life and there are no leardboards, custom emblems, only ever TDM is really played (which is just how PC players are) it still gives me an amazing experiende with all the different features and modes (Campaign-Multiplayer-Zombies) and I would gladly stay with this game for a couple years and buy its season pass if I had the money.
Campaign is amazing. Zombies is also very good and multiplayer is fine, still havent run into any hackers. Lets be real this game would get alot less hate if it wasnt a COD game.
all the negative revies are because the lack of players and the ski-fi ganre. i also hate the space-type of cod but if you forget about that for a second its actualyl a really good game and there are still quite alot of players and you can find lobby for domination tdm or infection for secconds. im really dissapointed about that there isnt search and destroy but its not that big of a deal. if you only play the multiplayer mod in CODs i reccoment trying the zombies and you will forget about the multiplayer, atleast thats what happend to me and all of my friends that play cod. the zombie mod in iw is amazing. in my opinion is far far better than bo 1,2 and 3. the zombie mod isnt developed by the same team as the multiplayer. the developers for the zombie mod are really listening to the players and fixing all the stuff that youtubers complain about. 10/10 worth evry cent
sooooooooooo gooooooood
no one ever online zombies
I enjoyed this game personally so much that I felt I'd like to write a review for it, so that other people looking for the same things I look for in video games might give it due consideration...Overall : this is the most satisfying COD single player campaign I've ever played. Make no mistake, it does not, overall, veer far from the standard COD formula, and suffers from many of the same basic problems that all COD games suffer from i.e atrocious ally AI, uncommonly accurate enemy shooting, and obnoxious difficulty differentiating enemies from the surrounding environment. Nevertheless, I have enjoyed this COD game single player campaign vastly over all other COD games...The multi-player aspect of the game is an entirely different story...but I'll get to that later1 - fair warning - I vastly prefer modern, ultra-modern, and sci-fi era shooting games, and as such, Inifinite Warfare falls exactly where I want it to as far as the setting goes. For people who dislike sci-fi-esque era games, be warned. But as an example of a good solid sci-fi era ultra-modern-tech kind of environment, IW nails it. actions all over the solar system, in space and on the ground, offer a fantastic variety of different looking and different acting environments that I found very satisfying 2 - this COD game carries a considerable amount of reasonably varied single player content - I've got nearly 12 hours of single player campaign time in, and I'm only now reaching the end.3 - The game offers a fairly wide variety of engagement types - reasonably fun, fast, and simple space/aerial battle zones, ground stealth combat, a single ground infiltration mission, a reasonable variety of regular ground combat zones in a variety of interesting locales, and some zero-g combat. All of which follow *mostly* the same basic mechanics, but the mechanics work pretty well, and the slight mix-ups on objectives and styles of approach makes for a satisfyingly varied gameply4 - the story is...reasonably...fun. The main enemy is routinely one-dimensional, which is a tad disappointing, but nearly all the rest of the cast are reasonably memorable, interesting, and fun to watch as the game plays it's story out.5 - while I find most of the gun visual design to be bafflingly ugly, the mechanics for how the guns work are excellent - all the standard variations are here...smg's for rapid fire, AR's for mid-range rapid fire and accuracy, shotguns, sniper rifles, etc...they all sound pretty good IMO and they operate differently enough that it's relatively easy to find a few that work with whatever shooting style you might prefer6 - the secondary devices (grenades and special equipment) are, I feel,  a highlight of the game. Offering a suprisingly effective variety of very different effects, it's easy to find something that changes up the game while also being fun to useOverall, between the choice of era, the relatively large amount of content, the solid gameplay mechanics, and the wide variety of visuals and game-play types, I've found this particular COD single player campaign to be one of the most satisfying in years.My multi-player experience has been far less satisfying, for numerous reasons, however, my MP experience has also been far less numerous, due to the many unsatisfying reasons...so take that for what you will.MP is just about everything COD is known for, love it or hate it. It's fast and it's twitchy and it has at least it's fair share of hackers, if not more.  Worse, however, is that this is the first COD that I've had innumerable connection issues with - usually COD is a relatively fun if somewhat unfulfilling mp shooter for me, but at least it's usually stable and I can count on it - so far, I've been dumped by at least close to 9/10 of my matches due to being "unable to establish secure connection with host" - there are numerous threads online bringing the problem up, however, solutions seem to be...inconsistent at best. For my own part, after managing some rather detailed port forwarding, I've had exactly 2 games out of nearly 20 attempts that I've been able to play all the way through - and they weren't that much fun...at least not for me.still, if you can find it on sale and enjoy an active shooter single player campaign in a sci-fi era environment, I highly recommend Infinite Warfare. I'm a less valuable advisor on whether you should buy this for the MP component - if you do, I strongly suggest that you find out first how to reach your router menu, call up the guidelines on steam and activision for port forwarding, and then flip a coin...
After finishing up the 20 hours campaign, I must say I am happily surprise by the production value and enjoyable experience I had playing through it.After Black Ops 3 and Ghost, my expectations were dim and my faith in Call of Duty campaign died out. Infinite warfare took the CoD formula and boosted it back with refreshing characters and mechanics. I was engaged through the whole experience. The dreaded vehicule segment were much more enjoyable than previous entries and yet felt odd at first.The outer space battles as a soldier controls felt quite odd with the rotation of the camera and movements, yet with some tunning felt at home afterwards.Didn't try the multiplayer yet.Great job Infinity ward
This game gave me "Type 2" diabetes. #Type2IsTheNewFMG9And by the way, Modern Warfare Remastered is just a unoptimized peace of sh*t.
This was a very call of duty game.  I focuse on the single player and it was servicable.  Not the strongest plot and it spends entirely too much time having you fly around in a silly space ship.  But it builds up the character of your allies pretty well and is full of the expected set piece events.It could have been better, but it could have been dramatically worse, so I'll call this a victory for the long running CoD series.  They continue to deliver their annual installment of exactly what you should expect by now.
Such a hit and miss game.The single player campaign, like the campaigns of Titanfall 2 and BF1, Infinity Ward actually got it right. Its an amazing campaign that really makes you feel involved. Love the story, the gameplay and the settings.There really isnt much more I can say.  From the CoD campaigns its my favourite since MW series.In fact, when I saw the trailors for it, I thought it looked epic despite the bagging it got/Call of Duty hasnt been a go to game for years. In fact, after the MW series and World at war, I thought it really lost its way in both single player and multiplayer.Now, to the multiplayer. Just like all the cods since the above mentioned MW series and World at war, It fails epically to be entertaining.  The map set out is just bloody terrible and the gameplay is shocking.  Infinity ward have really lost it and need to re-look at the original MW series for gameplay and map design.I will stick with Titanfall 2 and Battlefields 3, 4 and 1 for multiplayer. In fact, as far as Im concerned, Titanfall 2 did everything right in multiplayer that this game and previous cods have lost.Damn shame since I have played Call of Duty since the first World War 2 based game came out.But, at least the single player was freaking awesome. If you enjoy single player then dont hesitate to buy it. If you only bother with multiplayer then run with Titanfall 2 coz this  multiplayer blows goats and titanfall is insanely brilliant
Pretty gooooooood
Before i start my reivew, just wanna warn ppl i spent 36bucks for Digital Deluxe Edition from♥♥♥♥♥com (BEST DEAL). That gives you season pass and COD mondern warfare remasterd! . If you can get this game for 36 or lower, That is deff a Deal Infinte Warfare REVIEWI really enjoyed the game. Did have one issue with the game crashing on the intro but later found out it was just my AVG doing that. I enjoyed this MORE than "Black Ops 3". The graphics/Atmosphere is just beautiful! Their were a couple of times where i actually thought a cutscene was going on, but actually it was just the game. The guns along with the explosives were well thought of! Voice acting was spot on, near perfect! The space ship battles were just "ughhh". You get to control the ship a little bit but most of the battle, the game will control most of the ship. I didn enjoy the space combat in which you're in your space suit trying to get into the enemy's ship. The biggiest flaw on this part is the combat zone is soo small forcing you tp go into the combat instead of just going around from it in which if you try, the message "you are leaving the combat zone" will appear and you will fail your mission. The story was pretty decent, not hte best in the cod series but enough to make you wonder if you're playing Terminator. The zombies is the same, adding an 80s feel in  a theme park.
Personally, this is a really good Call Of Duty despite what people are thinking. It is fast-paced, and not pay to win unlike BO3 and AW. I recommend this game, however when searching for a match it can take a while to matchmake, so be wary of that. Overall I'd give it an 8/10.
Just wish there were more players online to play in different game modes other than TDM most of the time.
A great game that got hate because it isn't the same as the first CoD games.rip
Surprisingly good single player campaign… Despite a weak first act and poorly written antagonist (not helped by Kit Harington’s phoned in performance) the second half of the single player campaign was a thrilling experience played out by characters and stakes I genuinely cared about.  Infinite Warfare works at its best as a pastiche of other sci-fi and war films (notably Star Wars and Aliens) and at its worst when it attempts to replicate earlier COD level design and cheesy military dialogue.  Given timing of its release; comparisons to Titanfall 2 are fair and Infinite Warfare admittedly struggles to offer the same level of satisfying gameplay.  However, IW’s world building is miles better and its story delivers a far more touching emotional relationship between humans and artificial intelligence (Jeffrey Nording’s performance of the robot solider Ethan is brilliant).  The rest of the diverse cast are also genuinely excellent (unlike Titanfall 2’s dull mercenaries) and this further heightens the cinematic feel of the single player campaign.Game ran well on max settings at 1080p60 using 6 GB GTX 1060 with some great sound and visuals (including solid mocap) for most of the game.   Overall highly recommended.
This game may not be the best game in the world but I find this game honestly not this bad, I've had no problems with this game ver since the early stage bugs. I like the campaign of Remastered and the campaign of Infinite Warfare is not bad as well. Alot of people have given bad reviews on this game probably because they have only played the game for 10 minutes. I've had this game for over a month and if you play it you will eventually get use to it. Even though the community is small of Infinite Warfare its actually good cause then it means less hackers, I have yet to run into a hacker which is a good sign! Alot of you may not read this dude to alot of bad reviews but trust me after about a week or so you will get use to this game, I do agree that its not the best CoD there are better CoD games I honestly lost interest after Ghosts but Infinite Warfare is actually not bad.
The game is overall not that bad, I'm loving the campaign so far, it's different and I like it, the order of the missions isn't set, since you become the captain, the gameplay is also pretty good because I think that they made the AI a little bit better in Batlle. And last but not least, the graphics are also such an upgrade.
My First and I believe its the best CoD since MW Series. <3 <#
cool
Loved the zombies in it, but I feel like they basically just copied Black Ops 3. But still amazing. The fact that in zombies instead of knifing zombies, you either hit them over the head with a bottle, slap them, punch them or stick a spoon into them. Creative!
Great Call of Duty game!  Best I've played in recent years. I'm mostly a PC gamer, but I found that using a controller was a lot more fun and intuitive. Also, the rumble feedback gives more immersion. The graphics are fantastic, the story serviceable, but it's all those explosive Call of Duty set pieces that really shine. It's like the guilty pleasure of loving Transformers despite the story being total BS. Nobody cares, it's all about the action! If you want a good time, play this game!
i have bought the delux vesion. where and when i dowload the remasterd ?help please??
Infinite warfare is f u k n trash but cod 4 remastered is aiiiight so ur basically paying $110 (CAD) for cod 4. Money grabbed
Although I'm new to PC gaming I have been playing games for years on the consoles so far I have enjoyed the multiplayer seems to be a lot more better than advanced warfare, was a bit concerned with the minimum requirements however I can say the game has preformed well on the stock settings with the follow spec:Intel core2quad Q9300 GTX 670 4GB 8GB DDR3Hope this info helps a fellow gamer just starting out.
Infinite Warfare is a good game, I'm not going to compare it to battlefield becuase they aren't even close to the same game. The multiplayer is fast-paced with all the wall running action from Black Ops 3.Zombies is twice as fun and has a few cool new features such as mid-game spawning and the ATM system from Buried and point-sharing for expensive doors. Spaceland also has an awesome soundtrack including songs from bands like Twisted Sister and Europe.The Campaign is surprisingly open and has multiple missions to select from at your will, I havn't played enough of it to give it a true rating but the missions I have played have been quite fun including a stealth mission that gave you full control and never took the reins (Rare in a CoD game).Modern Warfare RemakeCampaign is amazing, look good and plays just like the original, sadly no new features were added, a bit unoptimised at times but overall fun.Multiplayer is still multiplayer, no anticheat and the same generic gameplay, I had more fun checking out Infinite Warfare than I did the remake, it was good to see this game with such awesome textures but thats all it is
well, the begin is funny, the game has a good felling, it fells that im playing any modern warfare but with jetpacks, the time to kill is awesome, it brings me back to the nostalgic and good cods but with some new gameplay system, maps are also being very good atm. weaponw sounds and recoil are ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, fire rates are ♥♥♥♥ing awesome atm. with some minutes you can see that is a lot better than black ops 3.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is another great mindless shooter from the franchise. There are some aspects of this game that I liked and some that I didnt like about the game.I'll start off listing the positives: + Multiplayer is fun, balanced and well ported.+ The story mode is better than the past few COD campaigns, actually had a engaging story and character development. + Zombies is a blast. But I prefer the older COD zombies maps.+ Customization is great, weapons dont all feel the same.+ Replayability is very high, due to COD being a mindless fun shooter.Here are some negatives that come to mind:- IW is placed in the future, I was really hoping for a WW1/2 setting.- FPS Capped at 90 fps..like cmon.- Community is small and makes it hard to find games in multiplayer.- I have ran into cheaters on multiple occasions. (Aimbot/Wall hacks)Overall this is a solid game and I do recommend it to pretty much anyone. For real tho...its a Call of duty game, why such high expectations?My Rating: ★★★☆☆
PEOPLE FORGET THIS GAME WAS IN DEVELOPMENT WHEN ADVANCED WARFARE WAS RELEASED, SO DON'T BLAME THEM FOR GOING FOR THE FUTURISTIC EXO MOVEMENT. THEY WOULDN'T CHANGE IT HALFWAY THROUGH DEVELOPMENT.This game is OK. Exactly the same as Black Ops III. I haven't played the campaign yet, MP is the same as BO3 except its hard to find matches in anything other than TDM. Zombies has the same core mechanics as Treyarchs, without the seriousness of the storyline.HOWEVER - THIS PORT IS ATROCIOUS, WITH SO MANY DIFFERENT ERRORS WHEN JOINING FRIENDS, PLAYING GAMES AND QUITING THE GAME IT IS MIND BOGGLING. SOME OF THE EASTER EGG STEPS FOR ZOMBIES ARE RIDICULOUS, INFURIATING AND RATHER STUPID AND GAMEBREAKING, WHEREAS TREYARCH MAKE SURE THEY DONT ALTER THE GAME AND ARE DONE AS SIDE QUESTS RATHER THAN TAKING OVER THE EXPERIENCE.Also, MWR is good; the graphics are org-asmic (the hyphen was because steam censored the word lmao), although the same MP issues as IW.Overall, it's good gameplay wise, but the terrible port really draws back from the experience and has made me want to uninstall the game.PLUS ALMOST NO 12YO ON PC VERSION 10/10
Ive read the reviews and I see all negative stuff about this game. Let me just say see for yourself. I love this game even though I use a controller and get smashed by M/K players.... mostly. The single player was one of if not the best one yet. I saluted my tv when it was over. Please play for yourself. if you dont like it you can return it if there is less than 2 hours played. There are allot of controller users now so you wont get that but hurt by M/K players...... Let the h8ing begin.
very nice gameplay.Awesome campgain and multiplayer
Infinite Warfare is truly the best CoD game! I really like the space theme. And I think its very fun :)
Wasn't really a big fan of the CoD series anymore but this one is better then the ones before. BIG CON: No Search & Destroy...
Mimo tak wielkiego hejtu gra jest bardzo fajna. Call of Duty to gra w której cały czas coś się dzieję i nigdy nie wiesz co się tak na prawdę stanie.Pierwsza misja tak jak w ostatniej części Black Ops III nie zachwyciła a wręcz odrzuciła. Cała reszta na wielki plus.Jako fan całej serii CoD tej o II Wojnie światowej jak i tej nowoczesnej jestem wręcz zachwycony tą częścią.A co do fabuły to nie ma co się oszukiwać, ale chyba najlepsza ze wszystkich części a do tego dubbing, który też jest niczego sobie. Czasami tylko był irytujący...Polecam na prawdę.
The Call of Duty MW Remestered is a piece of art .
What to say, many people are bi*ching about this game but I think it is normal CoD with perfect Zombies. But texture resolution on max with filtering on max in my case is horrible!!! 9/10 for that textures
Good game
From what I have played the game is excellent. The story is action packed, graphics are amazing, runs great and very well acted. Not sure what all the hate was about but I really like this game.
Very cool Sci-Fi campaign for the single player. Graphics are fantastic. Menu system is fast and easy to navigate. Sound effects and voice talent are excellent as well.Single Player = Buy.
someone know why for this game price drop down so quick? I don't mean steam store but like♥♥♥♥♥and ebay can get for 11£ is this game really so bad?
good game after a bit of practice
Well, as alway too many campers and that's why the cod games are year after year less sold. In a match there should be the possibility to ban the player that is the cause of the problem, excluding sniper obviousely. The akimbo weapons are too powerful; it's pratically impossible to beat the in a gun-fight, and i mean every akimbo weapon; they are too insane.Everything else it's very well made, i love IW. I told above the problem that the game has got and should be fixed. Anyway nice work. I'm looking forward to some nice nerfs. xD
NICE
Amazing campaign, i didn't expect it to be this good after the awful Black Ops 3.I thought all the futuristic stuff could ruin this one, but surprisingly, it didn't. CoD in space feels great.Wish i could say the same about the aberration that the Multiplayer is. Forgettable mess, that's what it is.As for the Modern Warfare Remaster, It's impecable, but again, the MP is a broken mess.One step forward and two steps back. It doesn't have dedicated servers.
I might be one of the ten people on this planet who actually buy Call of Duty games for the campaign. Well, to be honest, this is my first one since the original Black Ops... and I gotta say, I enjoyed the hell out of it. Sure, it's cheesy as ♥♥♥♥, but it's really fun, even though kinda short scifi adventure and I got really attached to some of the characters. Also, it's got a cool robot.I should probably say I got the game for like 12 bucks, so that my skew my viewpoint a little bit. Probably not worth the full price, seeing as the multiplayer sucks badly, so wait for a sale maybe?
Good Game
Awesome Game!! A must buy!
The game is awesome.  The campaign is good, multiplayer is awesome, and even zombies  in spaceland is good and i don't really play zombies, but i play it on IW. Despite the hate this game is getting due to people ragging on it, it is a good game and i will continue to play it until the servers are no longer available.
Game still needs some improvements but slowly catching up. in the beggining it needed some work but if people were to just on now they would be suprised with how well it has progressed, noticed that COD enthusiests want to crucify this game due to nostalgia of COD past but this game as a standalone has producted a great single-player campaign and multiplayer is a work-in-progress but still getting better.Note for activision: the PC community is small shown across BO3 and the new IW, we barely have enough players to start a team death match and so getting any other game mode lobby to start is non-existent and would love to see lobbys start with fewer players because waiting for 8 people to start a round takes around 10-15 min and thats if anyone wants to wait.Note to players: please be patient with lobbies and i know there seems no way to persecute a hacker but ive seen plenty of lobbies turn their back on a single player because he had a good match and people triggered by a good player and slander is the only thing they can do, this is a community and with that we shouldnt be soo quick to judge and put others down, we should rise to the challange and become competitive!-c0n
Ever since the final mission in 007: Nightfire, I've had an insatiable desire to enjoy first person combat with cool laser weapons in space. This game scratches that itch brilliantly. I've never been a huge fan of CoD, nor a serious CoD player by any metric. I've always loved zombies but never really touched multiplayer - and I hadn't played a campaign through since Big Red One.With this game, that has all changed for me. Despite the game's poor reputation (in my opinion, an underserved one), the game is quite strong. Whereas BO2-3 and AW sort of stumbled in a weird middle ground of sci-fi, cyberpunk, and alternate reality future-tech warfare, IW finds itself quite comfortably in raw sci-fi.The CoD formula works very well in the context of galactic warfare, and although you'll seldom find yourself forgetting that you're playing a videogame, nothing is too absurd or too unbelievable to palate. The campaign is really quite excellent, and although fairly linear, you do make some small decisions and have optional missions that you can undertake. There's a refreshing, albeit minor, sense of freedom here. Zombies in Spaceland is pretty cool, although it gets old somewhat quicky and doesn't really stand up to extensive play. (But that could just be me.)The multiplayer is actually a lot of fun. It can be extremely frustrating, sure, and it's quite chaotic, but it's an enjoyable way to spend an hour or two of freetime during the weekend or on a weeknight. There's loads to do, lots of small goals to accomplish and plenty of weapons, attachments, camo, features, and so on to unlock. It's entirely possible to earn all of the above without making use of the game's microtransaction system. If you're a seasoned CoD fan, this one might not be for you. If you're someone who enjoys shooters and has can't get enough of FPS games in space, you should definitely consider it. The price point might be a little high, but it's worth getting on sale.I don't reret buying this in the least. In fact, I'm really glad I did. It looks utterly fantastic, it plays well, and, above all else,  it's fun. After all, isn't that the point?
Not that bad dont know why people hate on this game.
Laggy but good!
This game is asesine. Multiplayer is really cool with salvage and supply drops. Zombies adds so much new stuff. 5/5
The game is pretty good overall.Campaign is kind of shabby in my opinion because after a couple hours of gameplay you get to select which mission you want to play so the game has almost no plot. But after all its just my opinion.Multiplayer is pretty good if your not competitive, if your used to playing call of duty on a console it might take a while to get used to the controls of it might take a while to get good on the PC.
I just wanted to take a moment to say that I was pleasantly surprised with the multiplayer. As a brief background I would like to say that I played the earlier Call of Duty games (up to the first Black Ops) and this game is my re-entrance back into the series. After playing Battlefield 1 for a while it is refreshing to play an FPS where there are no vehicles and smaller maps. I can understand why some are tired of "futuristic gameplay" but to someone just coming back to the series it is great to play a COD game again.*I have yet to play with people who I felt were hacking**I have been a little dissapointed with the lack of people online
goood
Both MW 4 and infinite warfare have both improved the past month or so.I have to say that this CoD was very misunderstood and ill admit that I was one of those people who made fake accounts on youtube just to dislike the trailer they made. Reason why I bought this game is because one of my frineds said it was actually good and it was one sale. I am not really a CoD person but I have to say the game is improving.
PRO: Good single player campaigncons: not so many players in mp :(UPDATE!!!!!!!!!!!!:Finally it got VAC enabled sure there are still some hackers left but alot less than before ty!
Я чувствую себя хорошо iw режим,Но iw дизайн интерфейса и различные формы выглядит современной войны между с будущей войны чувство,В результате этой игры не может четко будущее фон.Это также является одной из причин продажи iw разница.(PS: до того, как я сказал в iw мультиплеер, его сюжет режим хорошо）в целом，Iw стоит покупать．b(￣▽￣)db(￣▽￣)db(￣▽￣)d
Nice CoD.
I was going into infinite warfaree with low standards but the game is actaulyl alot of fun and of course mwr it great so just beecause the trailer of a game looks bad doesn't mean the game will be bad.
zombies is good. all other gamemodes are irrelivent
this game is one of the few cods i've played that actually doesn't suck performance wise. The story is super interesting aswell and the multiplayer feels pretty much like black ops 3.do I recommend this game? yea.
Surprisingly good fun, decent storyline, ran fine on my 4 year old pc, zombie mode is cool as ever. I'd gotten bored of call of duty so didnt buy this for a while and it was installed but not touched for ages, turns out its actually a good game.
Well what can you say.  It is another game in the forever series that is Call of Duty.  I have always liked COD as it is more of an arcade style game that I don’t have to commit much time to.  Multiplayer is good when you can find a lobby.  The player base is so low its almost laughable.  If they banned for hacking that would be great.  There are days I can't find a lobby without a hacker in it.  When you find a decent lobby, it is an enjoyable game, even if I am getting Rekt.  The spawns are terrible at times but that is the case in most COD games.  The maps are fast paced with lanes of travel in every direction.  Snipers don't own, run and gunners get shot in the back and knifers have a harder time owning on every map.  To me it seems balanced.  Not talking about netcode, just maps and player styles.  Speaking of netcode, its terrible.  With all the advancements in our world, I am amazed they are still using a modifed engine.  Time to wake up and write some solid stuff to improve latency and of course prevent hacking even before a new series is released.  The weapons are good.  I like the addition of classic weapons.  Some weapons are OP as usual but for the most part I don't see one weapon as the favorite.  Well the Type 2 is the weapon of choice but akimbo mode has  limited in range. Snipers have to actually be good at it, and shotguns have to be close.  Are they perfect? No, but not too bad in my opinion. What is hilarious are the taunts and actions of the players.  They are horrible.  3Arc nailed theirs in BLOPS 3.  They were so stupid it was funny to have them.  In this game, they are just ridiculous.  Players  taunts try to look cool but oh my gosh they are terrible, absolutely terrible.  Single player is great.  No complaints there at all.  Great story, logical flow and challenging missions.  Can’t say anything negative about single at all.  Not a zombie player so I can't comment on that.  All in all, this isn’t a positive nor negative review.  If you have played any of the last 5 COD games, then you have played IW.  I will forever enjoy the series as I started with COD2, I just hope they return to normal COD with intelligent map layouts, solid weapon balance and a solid (although not perfect) anti-cheat system.  If you like COD at all, you will like this game.  If you are a COD hater you will hate this game!  Frag hard, game on.
I already finish all the missions, and I also visited the mulitiplayer, zombie mode. it was very nice, and the campagin was good. But there was one things this game is got some bugs.
Awesome game. The zombies are my favourite
Amazing game, I love it! Personally, the Multiplayer is better than Black Ops 3 one, for me it runs faster than Black Ops 3.This are my PC Specs:i5-3470GTX 1060 3GB8GB RAM DDR3And it yours amazingly great, just enable V-SYNC and you will play good.
Pretty fun game, certainly the first Call of Duty I've looked at in a while and actually bought soon after release instead of waiting for it to come down to about Â£5. The gameplay is a lot more fast-paced, quit reminiscent of the soldier movement in Titanfall, and takes parts of Vanquish and Blacklight Retribution to make a fun futuristic shooter.The campaign is ok, from what I've played, but as with most CoD players, I'm mostly on the multiplayer. Unfortunately, the multiplayer is awfully unbalanced, with spray and hope shotgun players being more effective than any other style. SMGs and Shotguns are heavily forced upon you, with SMGs acting more like over-powered assault rifles. If there's a map where taking in a sniper isn't suicide, I haven't played it yet.So, if you want some fast-paced futuristic action, this is a great game. If you're more slow-paced, or, god-forbid, a quick-scoper, you might want to give this one a miss, because they did a great job ensuring snipers cannot be used like shotguns.
you need 8 ram
Just a heads-up, this review is only for Zombies. In short MP is fun but pretty unbalanced and campaign is better than BO3 cause it is actually playable with casual play and isn't trying to be a mindboggling mess. If I write something very weird then it's probably me not knowing the word as I am not a native speaker. With that out of the way let's dive into the first sceneZombies in SpacelandNow since I haven't played this game from launch, I have no idea at how atrocious and unbalanced it was. But I atleast know the easter egg was extremely hard to almost unbeatable. But before that let's start with the basics of theGameplayThis map and IW Zombies in general feel like they let you get away with alot of stuff that Black Ops III would not allow. Like sliding into a horde of zombies and getting away with it. This map is honestly a blast for even a starter as it's really simple unlike the newer maps that aren't as BO III intense but still aren't easy before you learn it. The starting room shows you all the basics of the map, the perk design, how the zombies get in the map and most importantly how to turn on power (and if you still don't know what you're doing there's a tour guide in the starting room). After you open the door, you find the main area that'll lead you into the 3 sub-areas, from left to right - Journey Into Space, Polar Peak, Kepler System all with their own distinct features and mascots. I kind of admire this level of detail the other maps lack. This map is a real good fun learn and'll prepare you for the new maps. The guns are all good until the late 25s to 30s when they just become crawler-makers. For example the Mauler is really good in terms of holding ammo but makes too much crawlers. I'll be honest the best weapons are the traps and if you want an actual gun then it's the Pack-A-Punched M1 as it has a really cool reticle (the DMR-1 is good too, it's just a modernized M1 so it has the same effect but isn't a wall-buy) that hits any zombies as long as they are in the reticle, add it's great damage and ammo capacity + easy to reach wall-buy and you have a gun that'll get you into the 40s atleast. Oh yea and all the DLC weapons except the meeles are in the box and after being obtained/having the SP you can customize them with laser sights etc. and level them up.MusicWhat I love about this map is the soundtrack, while I now listen to my own, it's still really great 80's music. The others sadly don't have as much, for example Rave has about 30 mins of music and the music only plays in one area, but we'll get to that in Rave. But even better are the perk jingles. Actual musical perfection, seriously these are better than Black Ops' jingles. Same goes for the character intros, sadly combined they are about only 44 seconds long so there's not too much to listen to.StorylineOur 4 actors are very distinct but still pretty much stereotypes, Pondexter Zitterman - Your average nerdy type in real life and even a bigger nerd in Spaceland, Aaron "A.J." Jordaniels - A strong guy that's a jock in Spaceland, Andre Wright - Instead of choosing to be some street thug, Andre chose to pursue films, in Spaceland he's the rapper, Sally Simpson - An actor that was overshadowed by her much more famous parents, she plays the Valley Girl. After all arrive through a limousine they enter the theater and Willard Wyler welcomes them, they enter the theater screening and Wyler pretty much sells their soul as they get teleported to Zombies in Spaceland. In Spaceland the 4 actors Defeat Zombies and co-operate with David Hasselfhoff, the park's DJ and make a Seti-com that attracts the alien UFO that crashed in Polar Peak. Once they do all the steps the alien(s) (Depending on if there 1/2/3/4 players) step out and try to kill the 4 actors. After the actors defeat the alien(s) they destroy the UFO and acquire the Soul key aswell as the Alien Fuzes which let them Double Pack-A-Punch.Overall ratingThis map really got me into IW. After the EE boss fight was patched it was still hard but it was fun. If i'm honest gameplay-wise this map is what I got out the most. I'm not gonna give a rating but here's to you, if you wanna buy this game just because of this map, don't. It's not worth it. Getting the Deluxe edition or just the Season Pass is what I recommend as Activision as the idiots they are sealed it to either have Season Pass and all DLC or no DLC. This isn't as quality as Black Ops III is but I still enjoy this probably even more than Black Ops 3's Shadows of Evil by alot. Overall I really like this but it will definetely not be for everyone.Since this review is way before being finished, and the fact that I still need to finish Shaolin Shuffle's, Attack of The Radioactive thing's and The Beast From Beyond's Easter eggs, after I do Rave in the Redwoods I will not update this review for a week or 2 depending on my completion.
Best Campaign!.. Love the new Zombies  mode!
I played the single-player campaign and have to say its awesome :DIf you like Sci-Fi, FPS-Games and  spaceship-battles than thats a must have.
No interest in MP, but hands down the best Cod campaign ever
This was the best call of duty i have ever played! Gameplay was good, story was AWESOME! best game i have played in some time.
Good Game!!!!!!!!
Got it for 14€, i only bought it for MW Remastered, it´s just a 1 by 1 copy with new texures. The enemy AI is still stupid as f#ck, so running through is the best way to beat it, even on Veteran.Only recommended if you buy it cheap of a site that sells game keys, it´s not worth the full price!
My review is for the singleplayer game only.Review summary:Pros: Decent campaign, non-linear compared to prior COD titles.  Cons: Has technical issues on graphical setup, and the prior COD title did not have these issues (Black Ops 3).I think the graphical setup issues will frustrate many customers.  The game also has issues with multi-monitor setups (like mine).Overall: On the PC I recommend this game _only_ if you have a very high-end system and you can be patient with adjusting graphical settings.  Once you get the game configured to work properly it plays well.  If you don't have a high-end PC then perhaps try on a console instead.I'll start with the Technical issues since people will have problems here.  If you have performance issues do the following:Technical Issue with Graphical Settings and Work-arounds:* Texture settings: Set these to Normal from High.   On High the game was a slide-show in many combat scenes.  Setting Textures to Normal completely eliminated the problem.* Caching of sunlight and shadows:  Disable these two features.* Run the game in Windows-borderless mode - this works fine for me and is practically the same as full-screen.Also on the Steam forums there are some graphical optimization guides posted. I would refer to those if you have any problems.Also, if you play on a projector, you will need to set your "cloned" monitor to the desired resolution you want in-game, and then start up your projector, and then run the game.  For whatever reason the game tries to lock in the resolution to your Windows desktop resolution.  It's a puzzling technical design choice, as you cannot try to adjust different resolutions on the fly, such as switching 1920*1200 to 1080p (1920 * 1080).   This is the first COD game played that I had this issue.The game does have a graphical setting to pick which monitor to play on, but it doesn't seem to remember the setting.  Also the game kept wanting to run on my smaller secondary monitor, instead of my larger primary monitor I clone my projector from.  So to get around that issue, I had to unplug the secondary monitor before running the game.Overall I'm glad I have the game running, but disappointed I cannot run with high-end textures.Campaign Gameplay:Once you get the game working, the campaign is pretty enjoyable.  You have a non-linear campaign and can pick from missions that offer different rewards to aid your character's skill progression and fighter ship abilities.  You can also fail a mission (I guess) but even so the campaign still continues.  The strategy title Battlefleet Gothic:Armada had a similar campaign mechanic.Anyhow, giving a thumbs-up, but it's conditional on if you can get around the technical issues.
campaign : awesomezombies : awesomeMP: not as good as BO3 and actually no plyers except for TDMoverall: get it even for the zombies alone.
it is a good game but only bad thing is that there is no players
it had the best brobot ive seen in games
there is a lot of nagative reviews for no reason imo been playing most cod and this one is less exagerated then Bo3 imo
Bought it only for the campaign and wasn't disappointed: strong story, stunning visuals, just great fun. Only drawback was the unusually long loading screens between scenes even on a RAM-heavy SSD-only system. If you looking for a great SciFi-story with space battles and ego-shooting against robot armies, buy it!!!PS: For me as a single-mode player it's definitely the best COD ever :-)
Great single player campaign... Never played MP though
xyfrhcvgvhykjmhb
I only played the single player campaign not into the whole pvp thing!Once I got the game to work not anything the game company did just took some common sense to remember to add an exception to AVG, I remember having to do this with DA:I and couple other games but once the exception was placed game launched without a hitch.I enjoyed the campaign though I felt it did end far to soon, I did feel attached to the crew and the loss, I enjoy games that can do that and pull you in.I recommend for the single player campaign if your into that, can't make any judgements on the PvP part of the game.
THIS IS MY BEST GAME :)
Okay game
Cons:The Game is Dead this game had a lot of potiential but people are wayyyy too inpatient after 2 minutes of waiting in any queue (mainly zombies] and they just leave it.I mean this game is good you just have to wait 4 minutes for a queue for TDMand like 6 for zombies.Overall this game is good but people dont play it.Oh Btw this game is Pay 2 Win if you havent noticed.I have  a great gaming experience playing this game but i keep on getting flanked xD xDBut DO NOT get this game on full price get it on sale.Pros Fast pacedNot many glitches
I don't understand the hate for this game. In fact, I'm really enjoying it, especially the campaign.Campaign:There is no actual way for me to really describe it. I'll just say it's really great. Combat, especially the space sections, are very well executed, contrary to popular belief. You just know the writers behind the original Modern Warfare were behind this. It was just very well put together.Multiplayer:It's really kind of a mix between MW2 and Black Ops 3. I honestly hated it at first, but that was just five minutes into the multiplayer. I didn't give myself enough time to really sink my teeth into it. Sure enough, after a while, I'm starting to enjoy it more and more. It's a little more than decent, but be sure to give yourself enough time to really get into it.Zombies:It's a little less fun than Treyarch's zombies, but it's still enjoyable. It just feels kind of dumb, that's all.Optimization:Contrary to some idiots who think their potato is good enough, IW actually runs quite well on the machine I'm playing it on, about 90-100 FPS on my EVGA Classifed SuperClocked GTX 770. The people who say this port is very buggy probably have something on their machine that's causing the problem, or maybe they don't have the proper hardware.Comparison to Battlefield 1:I know I'm going to♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot of people off with this statement; BF1, aside from it's graphics and World War 1 setting (big whoop) , has a sub-par story that and a multiplayer that's fun, but ultimately shallow in comparison to IW. I don't care how much EA is paying AngryJoe or IGN to sell out, BF1 is ultimately a shell of a game, at least from my critical standpoint.All in all, Infinite Warfare is a great CoD. Not as good as Modern Warfare, though. There are a couple things I would change about IW, but that's pretty much any game these days.
ive never liked CoD, this isnt so bad. Its perfect to casually play for 45 minutes after a frustrating game of warthunder, CSGO or anything where getting killed seems like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, a calming run and gun. The singleplayer is actually kinda fun, and zombies is zombies. I recommend getting some friends because not many play this online
DIs game is pretty good however very frustrating when enemy team all uses shotguns
Havent played COD since Modern Warfare came out. The campign is amazing. Online play takes a bit getting used too as its super fast paced. Weapons need more balancing as shotguns have a great advantage. But you learn how to take care of them sooner or later. Hackers seem to be disappearing slowly after a couple weeks. But they still show up here and there. Other than that it is a great game.
this game is great, nice sci fi action and space sim fighting. I am really enjoying myself.
In main,i would like to talk about remastered,although the COD:MODERN WARFARE it is a part from my childhood,i bought the legacy edition especially for the remastered,but the COD:IW it is pretty good.So i play from an ASUS ROG laptop from early 2013(if you want to see the components check my profile)i heard the remastered its not well optimised,is that true?because i would like to play that game daily.So if you want respond to my review because im concerned about the future of the remastered.By all the new animations added and the multiplayer things like depot,i rate the game 9/10,very good shooter,good campaign,the game has everything you want,just fix the graphics please.
This game is amazing runs smoothly on my PC. I have had a great experience so far. The single player for iw warfare was surprisingly good and entertaining unlike other titles. The multiplayer experience is also a great one where you can find alot of good games to play if u have alot of friends to join with you i have never encountered any cheaters or anything of the sort, main complaints on multiplayer is that there are alot of cheaters online but this statement is completely false and is just an excuse that bad players use when they are not good in a game. Modern Warfare remastered was a huge plus as well the multiplayer experience is great and the community there is definitely better than in iw where you have kids running around that suck terribly at the game and blame it on developers. The developers have put alot of effort in the game only to betrayed by players of the franchise hopefully the situation stays as it is as the gameply is great so far but there are alot of beginners and low skilled players that ruin the game. Highly recommend it during this winter sale and hopeflly alot of you will enjoy it like me as well.
EDIT: seems that the lip sync and stutter issues are limited to the first Geneva mission's cutscenes and/or have been patched since. Now the game performs great and looks amazing in 2160p with everything on ultra except AA. I also never understood the hate for this one, sure the traversal was played and not as good as Titanfall 2, but the sci-fi plot was a reasonable move for COD considering by MW3 people were literally asking for a COD in space. This is COD in space, and it has excellent visuals, superb acting, plus an open ended mission design. For my money this is an excellent COD campaign, even if the science side of science fiction here is VERY dubious. Highly recommended if you enjoy solid COD action and science fiction. Just played 30 minutes and wanted to share. Loved this COD on Xbox, I don't share the opinion that COD is bad or that this specific COD is particularly bad. COD in space is something many of us asked for back in 2011 or so when the Modern Warfare phase was beginning to feel stale, and IW is that wish come true. On Xbox S it looks great and runs without a hitch, smooth, stable. Of course on PC in 2160p and everything set to highest it looks "better", but it's a bad port so I'd suggest staying away. If you have an Xbox or PS4 you can enjoy the company of lovely Jamie "Salter" Gray Hyder on those, it's 90% the same experience. As a PC game, this COD fails. No settings until you start a mode (on PC settings should be available right after hitting start), terrible lip sync issues in cinematics, game crashes/freezes when changing video settings....that's in 30 minutes. I won't ask for a refund cause still, 4K Jamie, but if you're not insane like me save your money.
In my opinion, this is the best call of duty for a long time
This game is actually not bad. People are just angry from all the future things to even try it. So what they have supply drops. It doesn't mean you have to buy them. Just play the game normally and have fun. People rant about supply drops. Well stop buying them and the developors will see that they are good because they aren't making any money from them. I mean really stop being a baby and deal with the game. Updates will come and make it better. You eaither like or don't but give it a try.
The campaign is nice but at launch the MP was awfull and full of bugs:bad hitregistration,bad lagcompensation,... .But half december Infinity Ward finally did something good with an update. Since then the mp plays very good imao and i love it. I can't say much about zombies because I'm not a zombies fan.If you like fast mp gameplay like bo3/AW then this is a game for you, if you like more the camping gameplay of the older cod's then stay away.
This is the first Call of Duty game I have ever played and i really enjoyed it.  I don't perfer shooters like this but I had to try it because I love sci-fi/space.  My biggest problem with this game is that the campaign was too short, there were only like four main missions.  They were really long though, especially the last one.  The whole campaing took about 16 hours to complete.  Another issue is that you are the captian of this massive star ship but there are like only four rooms you can freely go to.  You can go to a few others but only at the start of a mission.  The developers nailed the Sci-fi/space theme in this game.  Each planet and moon that you visited was unique and awesome to look at.  The controls for the Jackals were perfect, you never feel disorientated while flying around, there were two buttons that I wanted to rebind though, but I didn't know what they were called so I couldn't, they werent essential though (3 and 4 for rolling).  A few of the human controls were awkward, but just a few keybind changes and it was fine.  Pros:Amazing sci-fi/space themeGreat Jackal controlsAmazing sci-fi/space themeGreat graphicsCool charactersOh, did I mention amazing sci-fi/space theme?Cons:Short campaignSlightly awkward keybinds
Bought the game for MWR, but after trying out IW... I don't know which one i actually bought this for :D
my review for cod IW/MWRiw:very fun, guns are pretty good. nobodies online lol wonder where they are.i had some frame skips pretty bad ones but i turned on sync every frame (vsync) and it works yaymwr:same thing as cod4 but made more like IW so now its like its own cod game.very funI got it when the delux was on sale for 60 dollars so its pretty good
I have only played this game for 45 minutes. Then I got so angry that I stoped playing. If you change WASD to the arrows, like many of us do, the game lagg when you try to move.At the moment I should not buy this game (If you play with the arrows). This problem has been there from the beginning and the COD team has not solved this bugg yet. Hopfully the COD team will solve this problem asap for there are many angry players, me included, that awaits this solution.
I have never felt so many emotions going on while i was playing a game, but infinite warfare really made me happy and sad. It is such a good game. I recommend it alot!
Better then i thought it was going to be
Great game loads of different maps. its different in a good way!
This is Starwars meets "open the door simulator" with a standard actionpacked story from Call of Duty!This isn't my cup of tea but I still enjoyed this game more than I expected. Played it from start to end in one day. Took me about 11hours of gameplay to complete the singelplayer campaign since I died alot.Pros:Lots of Action.Good story with a somewhat subtle message.Mixed gameplay with flying, shooting, sniping and door opening.Choice of mission and secondary mission.Customizable weapons.Decent amount of gametime (about 10hours if you do everthing)Cons:Bad audio quality and desync on cutscenes.Too much unessesary stuff wich could have been skipped while on the ship and when departing from the ship.
i have really enjoyed this game honestly i dont know what the hate is about, seriously an amazing shooter
Big Big Big thumbs up to SP.  Thumbs down to MP simply because it feels really cheap and the performance is totally sketchy. It is still fun though lol. That is important and will keep me coming back although mp feels like a bad free to play.
Its not a treyarch game
Multiplayer Only:Infinite warfare...... I like the weapons and rigs but the maps are way to small. You pretty much have to use a smg or shotgun. I really liked how BO3 would slow down your ADS mouse speed. I find it very frustrating that there is no option to turn this on or off. It is very difficult for me to ads as the movement look I need is about 2x the ads speed I need. I've been playing with the settings and turned off raw mouse settings and it has helped a bit but I think I can aim better with a control pad than my gaming mouse and I'm  terrible with a control pad in FPS games. I have been finding lobbies fill up fairly quickly but the PC is much slower to find players than my Xbox One.  I usually buy the CoD games for both PC and console to compare and contrast. I think I prefer the console version this year which is fairly unusual as I game with a 1080 gtx and a 2k monitor.  So if you have the choice I would recommend the console versionFinaly verdict - Not a bad game but Titan Fall 2 is simply better in almost every aspect. I can't understand why all these maps are so small. I really hope that future patches and maps can help make this game better.  I am not displeased with this purchase but my favourite FPS multiplayer this year in order are; Titan Fall 2, BF 1 then Infinite Warfare.
After seeing all the bad reviews I waited for the holiday sale to dive right in.Only played campaign, Normal Difficulty, took 8 hours completing all side missions and main lineOverall, solid 8/10Runs brilliantly, they did an amazing job here and is very well optimised.Awesome for any scifi fans.Shooting mechanics were similar to other CoD's + some interesting gun and equipment mechanics for the futuristic setting.Story was fine, nothing that will change you for life but you'll get the motivation of the characters.Space combat was fun, felt a little guided but made for a nice change of pace.If you're looking for a fun, scifi themed, single player shooter campaign made by those withon years of experience in the genre buy and enjoy your 8-10 hours!No comments on multiplayer as haven't played.
A nice warmup to the next Mass Effect.CoD has flirted with space with several memorable scenes in previous games, and I remember thinking "I wish they would make a space game, it would be so pretty and awesome". They've only bloody gone and done it!Clearly a lot of inspiration has been taken from Mass Effect, including wandering the small interior of your ship, looking at that familiar map screen with useless but interesting nerdy info about planets to pick your next mission from, and a robot buddy.I think the game manages to balance between the two audiences it aims to appeal to. There are the regular Call of Duty fans who just want shoot foreigners, but this game will of course appeal to space fans, who will be hoping for incredible vistas and floating around in space. From the start it provides all of this, with the opening taking place on the frozen plains of a moon of Jupiter, and an incredible vista of Jupiter, complete with swirling winds, in the background while a storm rumbles in the distance, all reflected off the infinite stretches of ice beneath your feet.Infinite Warfare not only emulates Mass Effect, but raises the standard. Remember the Mass Effect level with the giant sun that burns through your armour if you stay out of the shade too long? The same gimmick is here, but now you're on an asteroid spinning chaotically toward the sun, meaning the sun is rising and setting or just spinning around every few seconds, and the sun itself is awe-inspiring to look at alone. This is something only before seen in young amateur astronomers' nightmares after too much cheese.Shooty gameplay is nothing new for Call of Duty, but now you will have some dogfighting missions in space or on planets, as well as zero-g combat and space walks, all as fun as to be expected. Multiplayer is multiplayer, zombies is zombies. Even I'm getting a 0.50 kill:death ratio so this might be a more enjoyable multiplayer for the less 'leet' players.And yes, Claudia Black is in this.
Wow, what a game. Seriously impressed. I'm not big into the online multiplayer aspects (although I can usually be tempted by Zombies), I like a strong campaign with a decent story. I know some people get CoD and other FPS games purely for the multiplayer aspect without ever touching the campaign, if that's you then I'd honestly recommend giving the campaign a shot this time around. Oddly enough, most of the negative reviews seem to regarding poor online experiences, so I'd play the campaign for that reason alone; Infinite Warfare is possibly the best story since the Modern Warfare series. IW is still not without flaws however, some of them forming a disappointingly common thread throughout the CoD franchise, but they don't impact game play too much.Intel i5 650064GB DDR4 RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 FEDirectX 12SSD StorageI know the processor needs upgrading; it's on my to-do list. ;-)I think if Mass Effect were released tomorrow it might actually look quite a lot like IW. This is the first CoD game to introduce side missions and give you command over which, if any, you do. Completing the side missions gives you various perks and upgrades, plus some unlockables. Each side mission is also pretty unique; on one you sneak aboard an enemy vessel in disguise, in another you have to survive being ambushed and one has you gunning down high ranking pilots within a time limit. While the side missions aren't essential, the campaign is probably about 4 hours long without them, so I wouldn't recommend skipping a single one.This is also one of the only CoD games where I noticed genuine character growth. The player character, Nick Reyes, is an elite SCAR warrior-pilot who starts the game with the attitude that a commander's only obligation is to get his crew home safely. After taking command of the battleship  and having to make some tough decisions, he gradually comes to realise that there's a bigger picture to war and sacrifices must be made. Not everyone gets to come home: the soldier's mission is to win the war, not live through it.Okay, so the story and characters are solid, what about gameplay? It's CoD. If you've played any CoD game ever made you won't find anything unfamiliar in IW. The tactical overlay from BO3 is gone, but wall running and boosting is still in there. Shooting mechanics are solid, cover actually works, hit boxes are accurate... It's CoD. If you enjoyed how previous games handled, you'll enjoy this one as well. The only big difference is that there are some space fighter missions now. Yeah, you heard right. Remember that really boring part of BO3 where you were flying a VTOL around? It's a whole mission of that, except they've made it not boring, not railroaded and more like an actual dog fight. I enjoyed them, but then I quite like flight sim games. If you want to focus on gun play then you can skip them with no detriment to your playthrough; the unlockables you get from the space fighter missions only relate to space fighters and despite being a fairly new addition to CoD, the flight aspects are well done with the same solid controls and accurate hit boxes as everywhere else.Infinity Ward and Treyarch have had many years to polish and practice making CoD, so good gameplay in all aspects is to be expected. Where this game falls down is that it's sometimes unnecessarily intensive. Cut scenes stutter a lot, even short, slow ones. These scenes cross the uncanny valley and produce something that looks fantastically real, but they simply don't need to be that good. I'd rather not be able to see tiny blemishes on people's skin and reflections in their eyes if it means the scene plays smoothly. This was especially annoying in some of the more emotional scenes where the immersion was broken by juttering audio and poor lip synch. Cranking the graphics down didn't help much and given that everything was flawlessly smooth and fast loading during actual play with everything turned up to max, I was loath to turn anything down for the sake of the odd cut scene. This was my main irritant in BO3 as well. You also still get the occasional mission where there's so much stuff flying around and blowing that you lose track of what's going on or die and aren't sure why or what happened. In a way, I enjoy the frantic nature of these segements and imagine that actual warfare can be like that sometimes. But from a gaming perspective, it can get frustrating if it's not clear what you're doing wrong.Also disappointing was the lack of a co-op campaign. 'But wait, I though you didn't do multiplayer?' I hear you cry. I don't do online multiplayer, but I'm always on the look out for good co-op games. Y'see, I have a little brother and he doesn't get out much or have many friends, but he loves his PC and PC gaming. So going on co-op LAN adventures is one of the ways we spend time together. We had a lot of fun with BO3 and it would've been nice to be able to have another adventure with IW.Still, the occasional jarring cut scene and loss of co-op is a small price to pay for an otherwise excellent game. Overall, IW is probably my FPS of the year.
best campaign since MW2best vehicle levels in a CoDbest bots in FPS gamesreally like the soundtrackMP is a lot of fun when you find playersFrontline gamemode is the best gamemode that came to CoDI'm not into zombies but its good for getting keys and its ok overallNo pay2winI can very much recommend getting it in the Legacy edition.MWR is great for the same reasons and beyond.Even if you do not play MP at all and just play against bots every once in a while it is still very much worth the money.
Pro
Best call of duty since MW 2 super cool story don`t know why people hate it so much.
this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome Im never going to get a girlfriend
One of my favorite games!
This is one of the best games i played this year. For any having low FPS or problems running this game, that is not true. I run on Ultra Settings 1440P locked between 120-144FPS. I do have 1080 GTX with 6 Core CPU but still a game is fantastic. I do run Windows 7 x64 and maybe that makes a difference. Windows 10 is not good for gaming at all, in my experience.
Not bad
this game is the best
i got it on sale and it came with the zombies in space land pack but it says i dont own zombies
I can see how some people may not enjoy this game. However, I am a huge fan. I was previously a huge advocate of Black Ops III and Infinite Warfare greatly reminds me of that game. The campaign is very intriguing and exciting. Multiplayer would be fun if more people were on it, but there aren't any huge problems with it. It consists of more obvious challenges to complete and leaves you with something to play constantly. Zombies is wonderful. For infinity ward's first attempt at a zombies mode I personally believe they nailed it. Very reminisant of BO3 zombies, but still very fun. Overall I believe this game is well worth it. There aren't many, if any, problems with it. Love the game!
I never got to play the game because of my graphics card, if you are using NVIDIA Geforce GTX and have a graphic card version under 375.70 do not download the game or you will have a minimal amount of FPS and the audio will be trippy.
This game is GREAT. The campaign is lots of fun, just like the multiplayer or the zombie-mode.So here are some - Multiplayer has "classic weapons".- Smooth movement.- Good story.- Fun guns.- Nice zombie-mode.- Good graphics.and- Multiplayer is often empty ( GunGames, FreeForAll, etc.), thanks to people that jump on the hate-train.- Sometimes frame drops (Rarely).. Supply- Drops.All in all; it is a good game.
I bought this game for zombies and MWR. I think this game is worth it, if you get the legacy edition. I would pay $80.00 for MWR alone, but I think that Infinity Ward did a great job on the zombies. (at least it's better than BO3). Just buy legacy edition, and maybe deluxe if you want the zombies maps. Campaign is good too. Hope this was helpful!
I've owned this game on Xbox for a while, but recently I thought I'd get it on PC. I haven't put much time into multiplayer, infact I can't stand multiplayer. I stick to Zombies, I absolutely love Zombies in Spaceland - there is so much to do, making the wonde weapons is fun, fighting the brutes is fun and doing the easteregg as a whole is fun.I'd 100% recommend this game if you're still in CoD for Zombies, a lot of people dislike Zombies in Spaceland, but personally I think its great.
Full disclaimer:  I'm not a Call of Duty fan and I never have been, but this game is in a Sci-Fi setting with transitions from ground based FPS combat to Space Flight combat, which is what caught my attention.  I'm not interested in multiplayer and I am not concerned with pvp or zombies.  So, I don't really have an opinion about those aspects of the game.  I picked this up on sale.I'm loving it.  I'm only playing through the campaign, though.  It's like Michael Bay Explosion Porn with robots, spaceships, and guns.  It looks good and it's just fun.  I definitely think it's worth the $40 I spent on it.  I'm not under any illusion that it will be something I'm still playing a month from now, but it's good for what it is.The voice acting is good.  The graphics are nice, a little resource intensive though for my aging system, but nothing to keep me from enjoying it.  The space combat is a bit arcade-y, but the controls are intuitive and easy to use.  Not quite as involved as Elite: Dangerous, but it's still fun.  It still runs pretty well almost on max-settings.  My computer is about 2 years old this year, so take that for what you will.It will be a nice filler of a Pop-corn Flick type of game while we wait for the release of Star Citizen.
I will usually go with what the reviews are on a game via the public much more then paid reviewers and listen except here wiht cod infinate because i watched a video on youtube on the game first stage and i loved the graphics i liked that it was in outter space and the story seemed like it would be a good one so i decided to go against the majority of those unhappy and buy it anyway i haven't played it yet bacause i have had to reinstall it like 4 x's and it won't play i have a good system so i know it's not hardware related so i'll play it and give a review in the future on my opinion of the game thanks all.
Loved the campaign from beginning to end. Anyone who schrugs this off just because it's "in space" is missing out on one hell of a ride. Superbly executed and visually stunning.  Zombie mode is fun as well, but only put an hour into it. As for multiplayer, well I suck donkey balls at multiplayer so if you are like me and constantly get stomped by some guy going 40-3 with his shotgun stay away from it. But otherwise it looks good, and is typical COD fast action with tight maps. Not fir me, though. Like I said campaign rocks.
really nice game just give it a chance you will love it
Fantastic singleplayer. Worth every penny.
Ok, so Infinite Warfare is actually amazing. MWR, on the otherhand, is garbage. maybe it's because i don't have fond memories of it, but it's terrible. The campaign is good, not the multyplayer
The campaing is really good, I was really impress! (epic story and smooth gameplay)The multiplayer is also well balanced and has a good variety (well optimized at 90fps which is plenty and 0 lag)I didnt try zombie yetPS. I dont understand why so much people hate this game! Maybe it was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimized on release day, but now its really good and smooth! Graphics and mechanics feels great! PLenty of content! It feels really good to buy this game for only 52$ on sale, I say worth it!
Great game. Don't listen to haters. Try it yourself.
Just another COD game....not much else to say. The graphics are mediocre and multiplayer FPS is locked in at 91. I really thought we would have seen some advancement in the overall "look" of the game.That aside, the game is fine. Single player is fun and the multiplayer is good when you can find a match. Overall I would rate it a 6/10 due to its lack of innovation.
Frankly I don't understand where all the negativity towards this game comes from. Wild guess would fall on how Activision handled Modern Warfare Remastered. But if you look at Infinite Warfare alone it certainly deserved a warmer welcome then it got.Campaign is very solid: the story is engaging, it has a fairly resonable foundation, level design and gameplay were well made and overall I've got a lot of pleasure going thought single player campaign. Sadly it has little to no replayability to it, but still it felt far from what other COD games have to offer in terms of single player experience.As for multiplayer the only complaint I have is the poor selection of mp maps, and well, playerbase is far from huge. Still got some fun out of it.On the technical side of things as of now, two month after release the game runs fine enough, without noticeable performance issues and only once I've stumbled across a bug in story mode.
i was playing the campign on pc I blew something up I had to go to the  shiip but no matter how lonmg it went for I never got close to it please help ):
I can't say I love it or hate it because everytime I launch this game and play multiplayer it just freezes, but I still hear in-game sound
Great single player campaign and one of the most compelling stories in a quite a few years. Of course Witcher 3's story was the best of 2016 but I'd give this game a strong 2nd., place vote. So many characters you grow to like end up dying during this game. Developers take note, this is how games ought to be written.The only issue I had with the single player campagin is how often the main character (Reyes) constantly gets stuck on invisible obstacles. Fallout 4's bugs and story line pale in comparision to this game.  Overall I'd give this game a 9
Port's garbage, game's funBetter than Trash Ops 3's Purifer warfare tbhIf you can work around the deplorable pc port the game's worth it
Yes, why not? Haters gonna hate no matter what. I'm not a Call of Duty fan, but this one is great, nobody can deny it. Its campaign has a great levels design, its characters has personality, the history is not bad, not fresh but it's well "narrated", the gameplay is fast and smooth. The campaign mode is dinamic, with main missions and side quests. Infiltrate in the enemy command ship using their uniforms, running through the shadows in the surface of a planet because if the light of the sun touch you it burn you, even a mission with some "terror" like in Alien...You has missions where you can use stealth, you shoot to everybody, there's many "film moments", you can pilot spaceships, there's space battles, you can infiltrate in enemy spaceships... You can choose when to do a mission, you can upgrade your gear, modify your weapons... The atmosphere, environments (planets, the interior of the spaceships, cities, stations...) looks so awesome. The soundtrack is great too.The game runs fine, I haven't experienced any problem, has a lot of graphical options to modify if you need to increese your performance. Graphically looks very well (people just complain in every game about its graphics, no matter whats, without sense). If Mass Effect 2 would turned into a FPS you would have this. The campaign is so damn good.About the multiplayer, I just played a few matches and it's fun, similar to Black Ops III, the other CoD that I played, maybe in a way less inspired, but still fun. Since I play to Titanfall 2 any online mode is boring for me, so I'm not interested in this game mode, but like I said, it's not horrible like people are saying.So, I recommend it if you like this kind of games, and well, I don't like this kind of games... but this one do, so maybe I can recommend it to a more differentiated public.
Don't care what the naysayers believe, this was a very well executed and thoroughly enjoyable game.
pretty neat game
PSA I only played singleplayer, I have no intrest in MP.Now that that has been said this was quite fun. I have not played any CoD game since United offensive, and was quite impressed with this one. In summary just take every generic mars vs earth anime (gundam, aldnoah zero etc..) and slap a game on it, it even pulls off a good game.
SP is funMP is lameVerdict: Get on sale, like I did!
good
FIRST OF ALL before everybody loses there♥♥♥♥♥♥i have to say online game play is pretty bad.......Now then, the story and single player game is a very profound and emotional rollercoaster.You must be thinking "what!" Well to tell you the truth im sad that it was so short, the game by itself was very fun. I Got very attached to the characters and wanted more. And what sealed the deal was the pretty good detail and the phenominal Interplanitary gameplay. over all just based on the SINGLE PLAYER GAME i would rate it a 8/10
I have only played around 20 minutes of infinite warfare as i only brought it today, however i have played a few hours of MW Remastered and there seems to be 2 issues.- At the start of any game there is always a mass amount of lag- you will have a streak of 4 good games and then some ♥♥♥♥ing hacker will join and merk you.... what im trying to say is these game developers need an anti-cheat system.The campaign however is perfectly fine. The reason this is a positive review is because the game is worth buying just for MW Remastered, but if you happen to find a hacker in your game then its best to just leave. People are starting to get banned for them anyway as they are getting reported by the CoD communityInfinite warfare also runs pretty smoothly, just again..watch for the cheaters, they mainly plat TDM so play Domination to avoid them
Despite all the negativitie around its launch, It is a surprisingly good game despite there being no one playing Zombies and the odd hacker in Multiplayer but that's also why the report feature exists.
It really suprises me that this game gets so many bad ratings. It isnt the best cod at all, but its not terrible, I personally got this game so I could play mw remasterd but infinite warfare isnt terrible. The one thing that I do not like is that it does not have dedicated servers. 8/10
I'll sum up the negative reviews for you so you don't have to traul throught them:"I've played 3 hours of multiplayer and I think it's reasonable to get on here and tell you about how I'm an old cod player that is sick of jetpacks. No I haven't played the single player and when I went into multiplayer I assumed dying over and over was due to a hacker or something that everyone else says"Now here's my review, and I think it's fair to mention I am also an old cod player (And I too was skeptical about jetpacks)This game is very well done.The graphics are incredible (far better than Battlefield 1), I can tell they put a lot of effort into making the game look amazing. As well as the post-processing and effects it come in as one of the prettiest games out there. All the guns are unlockable, there is no pay to win because guns are in crates that can be opened with keys that are earnt pretty quickly. Sure you can pay for them too but the chances of getting a gun wiht anything good is too low to sit there spending $2 a crate. To be fair the multiplayer has the occasional hacker but ban waves are frequent enough. Multiplayer is fun, though not many maps but the maps they have are nice.The single player, although follows a pretty worn out plot (Group wants to destroy Earth for no elaborated reason, Hero and underdog allies foil the plan and save the day) the story makes up for it in length and depth of characters as well as some excellent voice acting, beautiful cutscenes and a fantastic soundtrack. One of the best Call of Duty single player experiences on par with Modern Warfare. If you are American you shouldnt have much trouble finding a match but anywhere else (particularly pacific) will have to wait a bit. It has its flaws, but I find it seriously sad that people judge a book by its cover. They did a good job on this one, it's an incredible single player experience with enough in multiplayer to make it worth your time and money. I can't say the same about MWR because its multiplayer is dead (at least until it gets released individually).
Well... Campaign is REALLY AWSOME!! From the first mission to the ending one I was curious what will happen next, and of course the views are beautiful. Capaign gives you avery nice  mix of emotions that will go through you while playing this game, and that is awsome. This Call Of Duty is not just: run, shoot to players and bots, get your bad♥♥♥♥♥guns and rekt the whole world, this one is set in the future, a future that is not good and does not give you fun, just by being futuristic. It's not like BO3, where you grab your Gravity Spikes, slam them down to the ground and be happy with nuclear going on. Here you are a solider, who needs to fight for the better tomorrow, and that's why i like it so much.And... multiplayer is just a C.O.D. type of multiplayer, it gives you fun and happines, that you need in your life, and that's great. Multiplayer is created as a multiplayer should be created - shooting, fun, explosion, levels, etc.My overall opinion of this game: 9.8/10
Best single-player campaign of any CALL OF DUTY ever made. Don't play multi-player so don't care about that aspect. This title should be the first in a series of INFINITE WARFARE spin-offs. Think FREESPACE with a touch of MASS EFFECT meets COD. Excellent. And no - I didn't get the free bonus remastered MODERN WARFARE either. What a gip.
Its actually really fun, people under estimated it tbh, worth it in my opinion (i waited till the sale doe)
I bought the legacy edition for MWR but I aboslutely love this game! Except for the multiplayer this game is great. The campaing has a solid story line and improves on where the BO3, AW, and Ghosts campaings let us down. The zombies is amazing! This game is a great buy for $35-$40 but...DO NOT BUY FOR $60DO NOT PLAY MULTIPLAYER
bugged campaign lol too bad it was i enjoyed it
first up: IWthe game is contrary to what a LOT of people say not bad its actually fun you might say, until you get into the MP and just get killed by the same weapon because they are unbalanced as♥♥♥♥♥♥.. but hey that might change right?campaign itself is pretty cool, considering your in space and all and they didnt ♥♥♥♥ it up so... Campaign = good multiplayer = badzombies = same♥♥♥♥♥♥different pile as every cod zombie shooter (you want a zombie shooter go play Left for dead 2 or Killing floor 1/2)MWR: THIS one i was actually excited to play... AND HOLY ♥♥♥♥ IS IT EVER THE BIGGEST ♥♥♥♥SHIT I HAVE SEEN!!!not exactly awesome graphics (still pretty good but compared to IW? meh) the multiplayer is nice although weapons feel different from the original... damage wise and handling you know?and the reason i wont EVER touch MWR campaign again? considering my pc is powerfull enough to run IW on 4K 60FPS maxxed out NO PROBLEM but MWR has frame drops at ♥♥♥♥ing random no matter what i do whith the settings (campaign AND multiplayer) oh and dont forget about all the glitches like you character sliding to the left at the first mission when leaving th boat so you cant actually FINISH THE FIRST ♥♥♥♥ING MISSION?!?!??! tried it a goo 7 times and nope... nothing never got past the first mission... i glitched through the railing 10/10 times and never beat the mission...ill consider it BY FAR the worst port i have seen this whole ♥♥♥♥ing year...do i recomend this game? if your ONLY getting IW yeah its a solid 6isch out of 10if you are gettig it for MWR? stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from that ♥♥♥♥hole its not worth the time and money...
good game
Good game, good story, just like movie.
is♥♥♥♥♥
Dont listen to all the crustys who talk this game down. I bought the deluxe edition while it was on sale, and, well, I was pleasently surprised considering all the mixed reviews. I would recommend this game to any of my friends and especially for anyone who enjoys HC TDM. HC TDM IS ACTIVE! Its all i ever play. it usueally takes several seconds to find a match in HC TDM. Buy this! COD IW MULTIPLAYER has the most fluid momentum fps game mechanics of any online fps game to date. COD IW CAMPAIGN I havent tried it yet. (will update)COD MW REMASTERED CAMPAIGN Amazing Graphics,COD MW REMASTERED MULTIPLAYER I havent tried it yet(will update)
This game is fast pace and a great shooter and smooth. Definitely alot smoother than the last call of duty black ops III. And i'm talking bout multiplayer. i have the multiplayer black ops 3 pack. The game is fun but Infinite Warfare is more improved and solid. The concept of the game take it to space and high tech robotic environments. But i guess its the trend because we are seeing alot of space games and sci-fi environment game of late emerging. its on sale atm i do recommend to get it asap. Get the legacy version too. Now you have a futuristic shooter with lots of weapons and customization, as well as goold old retro ground combat,modern warfare.
Great game.
its fun but crashes
an OK game overall , it would make it much more convenient and overall better if I could upgrade my game for the modern  warfare remastered. It doesn't give the option to upgrade it?
It's a good game, FPS bug is fixed since last update which is great!
Where to begin..Well, I will structure this review into three segments and I will talk about each with my own & community perspectives. This will also Include a Review for Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered. So; We have the Campaign. Now, I for one haven't even gotten past the first mission as I couldn't bring myself to play more of the game.But what I will say, is the game definitly entices me. It is quite interesting and overall done very well. Infinity Ward did a good job so far and the voice actors and model voice actors are good. Connor McGregor is in it!And from what I can gather; The Community has enjoyed the campaign as well. But with the campaign, I can't really say too much.And now for the one thing everyone buys Call of Duty for. The Multiplayer. And oh this one is quite the doozy, considering a HUGE amount of the Call of Duty Fan Base has wanted either a Modern Millitary Warfare type of game, or a World War centered game that is gritty and gory like the glory days of Call of Duty: World at War. Anyhow, this Multiplayer -- Well, it is hard to get my head around this. So I will review this as a PC player, and not like a reviewer. This game is a mess for the PC. Much like CoD MWR (More on that after).From a gameplay standpoint, this is essntially Call of Duty: Ghosts with a side of Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3. The Aim Down Sights feel very stiff and hard to control. As if the sensitivity changes once I've aimed down the sight. Alongside that, the FOV View Model is horrible for PC. Especially on Snipers, for example the guns scope is virtually hitting your shoulder. Now this could be a bit nit-picky but honestly, most people have not enjoyed this game. So if you want to get this game for the Multiplayer, I suggest you try it out. And if you don't like it, get rid of it. This game is virtually dead on PC, and getting into games is a pure stuggle with the amount of disconnection bugs this game has.And now, for a mode that swept the nation. The Zombies Mode. Now this is not the first Zombies mode we have seen in Call of Duty. And infinty ward has done a damn well job of implementing a Zombies mode into this game. Giving us an eperience that is fammiliar whilst adding and feeling fresh all together. It works on the same basis as Treyarchs Zombies mode and adds to it with some unique features. Is this better than Treyarchs Zombies? Thats all up to someones personal opinion. I believe Treyarchs Zombies is better, but hell we've only got one map of off Infinity Wards explosion known as Zombies. This is definitly a mode you should experience with friends.The Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered Review -This will be two segments, as it really only has two modes as a whole.The Campaign; And honestly. This remaster. IS PERFECT! They have completely rebuilt the original Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare game whilst adding some new but noticeable features and aspects that cause the game to pop out at players. The campaign felt, and played like the original Call of Duty 4. And I have to give props to Raven Software, they have done a good job on this game. Thats all I have to say; If you want to experience the Real CALL OF DUTY. Then get this.The Multiplayer, well. From a game aspect, it was perfect but Activision - Yes, Not Raven Software.. Screwed up this game. As for example this game was amazing at the start. Having a solid basis to build upon which included new features and new modes for people to enjoy the classic.. Repackaged. And thats when Activsion got us. They ruined the "Classic" feel of this game by adding Supply Drops. Though this won't be a rant on it, so just go online and search something up about it. Everyone hates it, and it is absolute cancer.Is MWR a good game? Yes. Is it a good game on PC? So-So.This game was a huge mess at first, on PC. Poor optimisation, no Cheat Detection and crappy peer-to-peer connection. But most of these issues have been fixed. There is now anti-cheat in this game, The game is getting more optimised than before and honestly it's an amazing game from a technical standpoint.
Needs an anti-cheat BADLY. Otheriwise it's a great game.
I love the game, if you a new player, it's not that hard to start know something about the game.If you ask me, I say buy it..
GOY? Nope, but this game doesn't deserve all the hate it gets, seriously. Hackers... yes I have ran across some but its not polluted like some of the online community seems to think. I think most of the "hackers" are actually controller users in my opinion because there is aim assist... Which makes this game really no different than any other COD, the big difference I believe is the TTK, which is ridiculously fast and makes that COD rage come out in full force for some people. The biggest knock on this game is the community which is none existant, and makes for a challenge to find online MP games at certain times but in no way makes this game unplayable. This game needs more players and for people to stop hating because its trendy to throw stones.
This game received a load of unjust reviews, everyone jumped on the bandwagon just because it was cool (look at the trailer on youtube..).In my honest opinion, what we have got in here, the BEST FPS single player campaign in years. I like the multiplayer too, I don't know what people are on about. I even dare to say this game FEELS like the old school CoD at times (I guess it's thanks to Inifnity Ward). I like the futuristic style and I hope CoD will be moving towards that direction..Look, people these days complain about everything (uhh loading times in elevator, what a flop!!!!), take it with a pinch of a salt and make your own opinions!I have got no stuttering, the game runs really smooth. The game loads quickly despite my 3 year old hard drive. My rig:gtx 9708 gigs rami5-3570k @stock1tb hdd
Thanks for my MW Remastered!Btw, good Campaign story.
Great game need a good computer
I run Call of Duty WW2 at 720p on Integrated Graphics and it runs Better than this game....
This is the beast game ive ever played i love it all.
At first it was terrible couldn't run it on my pc let the game sit in my library and now a month later it runs smooth and people complain to much about controller players well I say to those players git gud I'm a kbm player myself.
Keeps on craching with my 2013 r7 370 GPU i dont under stand why it is consted out of date it way more powerfull than     x box 1 and ps4 pro
Didn't find the game that bad but not worth the full asking price, wait for a steam sale.
i like the game allot! but there are things that needed to by fixed or chanced. but for the most part : Cool
Call of Duty has always been my favorite FPS title. The polished nature of the games make the experience enjoyable. However, this installment has been a little frustrating. I purchased the $99 package that comes with C.O.D. Modern Warfare Remastered, bonus map, etc. The download was over 127GB (no that's not a typeo')! For that size I expected a lot. While the graphics are beautiful, a bug has already left me stranded in limbo during one mission. I ultimately had to redo the mission and it went through correctly the second time. The ship you're on does not have many features. Basically you can watch videos and take missions. They really could have done so much more with it, like allowing you to upgrade and customize armor and let you modify weapons and loadout outside of missions. Really it all seems like a basic FPS, not what I've come to expect from the C.O.D. franchise. I hope they enhance the game. With some relatively minor enhancements it could become one of my favorites!
I don't know why this game got so many bad reviews! It's a really good, solid single player game. I don't every play any multiplayer game so can't comment on that experience. This has as many twists and turns & a very good storyline as is the case with most COD games. I thought the dogfights in space were a welcome addition to this series, although the priming and launch animations became repetitive as the game progressed. The game is a tad shorter that I would have liked though. The only thing that I would like to have improved in this game is the number of weapons available. I felt it was a much smaller arsenal than those with other  COD games. I would recommend it to people who play only the campaign.
Subtitles how to change Chinese??
Campaign is really fun.Zombies is really fun.Multiplayer is trash.Buy this game on sale
If you're like me and don't care about the multiplayer then get the game on a sale. It's definitely not worth paying 49.99 or 59.99 for a 9h long singleplayer campaign.You play as Nick Reyes, a Special Operations pilot. Earth relies on colonies established elsewhere in the Solar System in order to mine planets and asteroids for resources. Mars forces, known as Settlement Defense Front (SDF) attacks Earth with only one goal in mind: Genocide.The SDF's flagship, the Olympus Mons, destroys almost the entire Earths fleet before it is forced to retreat, leaving only two operational UNSA ships: Retribution and Tigris.Captain of Retribution is found KIA after the attack and so you get promoted as the new captain of the ship. It is now your duty to lead the UNSA forces into what seems a suicide mission to save Earth.Infinite Warfare is more boots on the ground than the last two titles. You can still wallrun and double jump. However there's only a few instances where you really need to use those skills. As the captain of Retribution you have access to the "star map". I don't remember what the actual name of the table was. It's similar to what we had in Mass Effect 2. You walk up to this huge table, the entire Solar System opens up and you choose your mission. Yes, there are side quests in this game. Granted there's not many but they're all pretty unique and cool. You can dogfight through asteroid fields, go on stealth missions and just run 'n' gun.You can also choose your loadout before each mission. You are free to choose from many primary and secondary weapons. Choose their attachments. Choose your space fighters upgrades and stickers for a nicer visual effect. Why not, right?Other than that it's you classic CoD gameplay. Run, take cover, shoot.The game is actually quite well optimised. Definitely a better job done on this game than on Blops 3 or Ghosts. It looks beautiful. Some planets look downright stunning and I'm happy to say that I didn't experience any bugs. Voice acting is at top notch quality as well. Every single character is very well voice acted and animated. Listening to Omar and Ethan (my two favourates) was just a joy.Is it worth the full price? Only if you plan to spend a lot of time in the multiplayer or play zombies with friends. The campaign is obviously the strong point of this title but it's not worth spending that much money on a rather linear singleplayer campaign. The only reason this game gets hate is because it's a CoD game. Change the name and people would praise the campaign.
REVIEW IS FOR SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN ONLY - I don't care for 'Hairless Preteen Screaming At You How He's the Hardest Man in His Junior High and He Will F@#$ Your Mother As Soon as He Grows a Pair' modes, didn't play them, don't want to.This is the best Call of Duty single player campaign since Modern Warfare (1).  It's very clear what you're doing and who you're fighting and why - you're not f#Q$ing off to asscrackistan to steal General Olag Rustootskin's left nutsack for Reasons.  Every mission has a clear non-MacGuffin purpose.Just one of the missions:  Fly your fighters in to close Venus orbit, take out all the defending fighters, hammer the enemy battleship's AA till it's safe, grapple to the hull, tether around shooting Space Iranians on the hull, blow a hole in the bridge window to infiltrate, rampage your way down the ship to the armory, wire the place up to blow, then exfiltrate and blow the thing.Yes, there is space combat. It's not the deepest, but it's fun enough and it sure runs better than Star Citizen. The cannon fodder fighters are just lock and lead while firing, but the enemy aces can be a bit of a challenge.  The ground / corridor combat is what you're used to, with some fun interesting upgrades - the spider grenades and 'hacking' where you can turn enemy robots against them (great fun).I had a blast the entire time - I enjoy technical sneaker / shooters like Deus Ex games and Dishonored games, and this is not one of those, but it's Big Dumb Fun and there's a place for that.   And it's gorgeous and you have to love the constant 60 FPS even at 4k.I wouldn't (and didn't) pay $60 for just the single player game, which is about 8-10 hours, but it's well worth $20.
It's a very good Call of Duty game, I know many people feels it's too futuristic and not so real, but I feel it is more fun and not as repetitive than the previous CoD games. The graphics are really nice, and the sooting is very ejoyable. The only two thing I can complain about are: the size (70GB) and the game is too resource hungry, the developers should have spent a little bit more time to optimise this time. If you like war games in the future and you have a good enough PC I can recomend it.

May play a bit different from Black OPS 3, and no VAC in place but once you learn how to rank up it is fun.
campaign 8.5/10 multiplayer is also good
Got this game for a reasonable price and have to say that it was much better than expected.  The campaign is probably the best story that a COD title has produced.  It is full of intense and exciting sequences.  The dogfights are especially impressive and immersive.  Little things such as the main character's hands moving witin the cockpit, switching on all the lights and systems as well as movement of the flight stick etc really help involve you in the experience.  The battles are intense and the sound also helps, with the explosive blasts and engine noise.  This really makes it stand out from previous COD games.  The story is also very good, although Jon Snow isnt in it for much of the time, and it fails to really show the strength of his character and his acting ability  The main character is likeable enough though and his relationship with other characters within the story keeps the narrative flowing.  The rest of the campaign is typical COD. Lots of impressive set pieces and explosions, guns sound punchy enough, and the customisation is a nice touch, usually seen in black ops titles.The only downfall i feel is that the multiplayer isnt up to scratch.  Very difficult to find a decent game, and if you do, you run the risk of cheaters and hackers playing, and it ruins the experience for everyone.  If you can  get this for a good price then i highly recommend it.  The campaign is worth the cost alone. Enjoy :)
best game i've ever played! 10/10
good game
like it a lot just a little short game but fun
To all zombie maniachs out there, the spaceland map offers by far the nisest level of difficulty.
Fun Game, Though the lack of players on it are awfull. Zombies is really fun though!
i really like it . its a great game! 10/10!!
I find fun 2 play
This is the most complicated COD ever published.Plenty of details to learn and master before you have a chance in multiplayer.Additionally, you need to be a real twitchy gamer because this is also the fastest COD ever.Learn the jump pack and use it often or be at a disadvantage.From my experience they are doing a pretty good job squishing the cheaters as well,this is of course an important facet of COD on PC, building cool looking stats without havingthem adjusted by bad sport gamers.I have seen days where it is hard to get a legit game in, but far less so than any previous COD.Do I wish we still all played MW2?  Yes.Is this game fun enough and deep enough for an experienced gamer?  Yes as well...
I actually quite liked this game as a Single Player experience. So I'd say: Not worth 60 ´bucks, but I got it together with MW for 40 and I'd say that was a good price for both of them. Personally I would even say IW is a little bit better (but that may be because I like the future setting). The story is quite okay with some very nicely executed scenes and likable, though shamefully underdeveloped, characters. Where would lie my greatest critisism, as they absolutely waste Kit Harrington on a parody of a villain. Seriously. If I was to list all his character traits that would be "having a facial scar" and "being a bastard"(pun intended), as he just has no redeeming quality, no background except maybe 12 lines of info about him on a PC and as far as I know not even a motivation. He wants to conquer earth. That's it. Not even for it's ressources as he constantly reminds you how earth is dying. And the "quotes" you get from the SDF, would only scream "We're the bad guys" more, if they would literally write "We're Nazis and like to punch babies". I mean, it's comical. Despite the critisism, I still enjoyed this 11 hour ride, but story- and character, espeacilly villain wise there is just so much wasted potential.    The space combat is fun, but quite basic as there are only really 3 types of enemies plus the "Aces", which are essentially Hero- units with more health and stronger weapons. The shooting is quite nice and there is a modest variety of guns and gadgets. From time to time you get some nice extra weapon to wreck havoc. But you can't pilot a mech. Which is sad. Although you can always buy Titanfall if you want that, which I would say is the better game, although the story in that felt less interesting. So all in all: If you buy it for the Single Player, wait till it's 20€ or buy it together with MW Remastered if you haven't played that. Not as bad, as you would have thought after the ♥♥♥♥♥torm.
This game is not as bad as it is portrayed. The campaign is fun in the fact that now there are side missions and space battles that a person can embark on, the story is the same as any other COD: Get attacked fight back. THe multiplayer isnt bad either most of the guns are pretty balanced there is not one gun everyone is using, supply drops can't be bought so thats a good upgrade. I also don't know about the hackers in the matches since I havent seen any but there are probably a few. The best part about this game is the zombies I think it is the best one yet they did what past games did well but then expanded on it with new mechanics and it is very fun to play with friends. I recommend this game especially if it goes on sale.
Needs an anti cheat.
This game is great despite all of the haters. Very fast paced and addiciting. They did a great job making this game! Has the same or a very similar engine to BO3 for combat with the jet packs. If that is not your cup of tea, you can play MW2 Remastered :)Highly recommend. I was skeptical at first but after a few MP matches, quickly became addicted and now I cannot stop playing. If you are on the fence with this game, get it and you will not regret it!
Although it's not what players wanted, I think they succeeded in making a mostly enjoyable game. Sure there are a the usually hiccups and annoyances present in most CoD games, but for the most part it's a positive experience. In terms of performance it runs very smoothly, much better than MWR. It's still expensive for yet another CoD game though, so if you can find it elsewhere for cheaper (~$20) than I definitely recommend you pick it up.Funnily enough, I got the legacy edition solely for MWR and after being very disappointed with it I've ended up playing much more IW instead.
It ok but needs fixing I think they ruined it with all the flying♥♥♥♥♥♥! Just need to stop that
It ok but needs fixing I think they ruined it with all the flying♥♥♥♥♥♥! Just need to stop that
I'm still not sure about how I feel regarding Infinite Warfare but Modern Warfare Remastered is just like I remember it when I played it years ago. I only wish there were more people playing so I could enjoy some different game types.
I don't play Call of Duty games for the multiplayer.CoD's mutliplayer experience has... problems. Other people can tell you about those. The reason I buy CoD games is for the campaign, and Infinity Ward knocked it out of the park with IW's campaign.Unlike previous CoD campaigns since MW1, these characters are phenomenal. I actually learned their names within the first two or so missions - unlike other installments where I hadn't learned more than two by the time I'd finished playing. E3N/Ethan is my favorite, just because he's so endearing. But they're all amazing, which makes the events of the campaign that much more well-made. It also does an incredibly good job of NOT GIVING YOU A NEAT TOY AND ONLY LETTING YOU USE IT ONCE. CoD is infamous for this, and IW doesn't really do it at all. I was so very pleased when I found that I could use the cool seeker grenades and the boost mechanics whenever I wanted. This extends to heavy weapons, though those are much harder to rearm mid-level.There's also something I need to get out of the way: FUTURISTIC SHOOTERS ARE NOT A BAD THING. I get that there was the crazy downvote bandwagon for COD:IW when it made its debut reveal. I'm not saying the people who want more grounded shooters are wrong, either - I'd love to see the COD developers switch between Futuristic and Not during different installments - that's one of the upsides to having the franchise produced through several different studios. And not releasing COD4 as a standalone was a horrible idea.The gameplay can feel a little off-putting at times - controls for the Jacakals (the space fighters) aren't great and there are a lot of segments with them, and shootouts in space are frustrating due to how difficult it is to see targets - there's an indicator when you aren't aiming down sights that goes away when you do, and it would have been far better if it were active at both times.But COD:IW is absolutely deserving of your time to thoroughly enjoy the campaign it has to offer. Previous ones have ranged from mediocre to solid (the weakest being Ghosts and the strongest being MW1) but IW tops them all with resounding success - or at the very least comes very, very close to MW1's.As for multiplayer, I've heard nightmare tales of hackers/aimbots all over the place in online play, so I won't be bothering with it.TLDR: Campaign is uniquely exceptional and deserves your time and money, idgaf about multiplayer, it's probably bad. Don't succumb to the downvote bandwagons.
Wish you could upgrade from standard to digital legacy for a smaller amount rather than paying the full amount again.
My Favorite Call Of Duty! SPACE is awesome and everyone can hear you shoot. RUNS GREAT! Space is great!
It's just really worth playing!Fair wind!
nice game the story mode is so good but the multiplayer is bad ")
Cool graphics
Very fun game get killed fast but it that means you get kills fast too Modern Warfare Remastered is also a great game very similar to the original. Zombies is amazing easy to round 20
Best Call of Duty campain... Bought it only for that...
Yes reccomend it does get a lot of hate but i am ubsesed with the zombies in spaceland enjoy thegame bye!!!!
Single player was amazing, multiplayer was your standard cod multiplayer + flying = not a fan, but it wasnt bad, zombies was really good its very different from the original cod zombies. 8/10
I get 1 fps on the loading screens. 10/10 Would definitely reccomend.
A cool campaign, nice bots and guns
Pretty good game. I'm not a "fanboy" of any game, I just take it as it comes. I bought this for the MP, and I can't go out of "zombies". Here are my rates:PROs:-ZOMBIES;-MP;-COD feeling;-timekiller;CONS:-the futuristic campaign is not for me;-toxic online community;-graphics are the same like in the others.Conclusion: 8/10 from me, because of the zombies.
This game, no anti-cheating???????????????
Infinte Warfare is what Activision meant to do with Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warfare, the gameplay, so far has been really tight and works well. Basically its a really good gameplay wise. So far I havent played the multiplayer but the campagian is much better than it has been in the previous couple of years, the way its done is really good. And the space combat is amazing, much better than games like No Man's Sky's space controls, more like battlefront's space controls. Suprisingly good for a first proper mode like this, its not like black ops 3 where its limited, no its a full on area where you do objectives depending on mission. Overall the campagain, mechanics are really solid, more like the CODs of old. I'll add more to this soon after I play multiplayer and zombies.
In my opinion, this game is very well made and is actually really fun to play. If you Call of Duty players have played Black Ops 3 then you would love this game aswell. Overall i think this is a great Call of Duty game. Sure its not like the old day but people need to give it a chance. Get over it.
The zombies is really packed full to the brim with content and stuff do complete and explore. 10/10 would buy on sale for aliens and shrooms.
Another year, another Call of Duty.This is a sentence that I’m sure is said many times over, every winter. The perennial shooter has released a new iteration every year for the past 14 years. This yearly cycle has caused many people to decree that the game is getting stale or that the newest version is “trash” and that the previous year’s was so much better. I tend to disagree with this sentiment more often than not. Now let me start by saying that, unlike the vast majority of people, I play Call of Duty games purely for the campaign. I see it as a cathartic release every year where I can sit back and enjoy their bombastic nature and just have fun.I feel that, for the most part, the Call of Duty games have crafted some genuinely fun campaigns that throw you into some breathtaking set pieces with top notch gunplay. People can rag on the franchise all they want but there is simply no denying that the core mechanics of shooting a gun are rarely topped by another game. This “generation” of Call of Duty games has been a mixed bag for me so far. I thought that Advanced Warfare was the best entry since Modern Warfare 2 and set a high bar for campaigns for the franchise. It also kicked the near-future aesthetic into gear. Then came Black Ops 3 which was such a clear miss in my eyes. The game was a cluttered mess and the narrative was nonsensical at best and babbling drivel at worst. Needless to say, I had my concerns about Infinite Warfare. Luckily, my mind was put to ease since this is one of the best entries in the series.Infinite Warfare continues the motif of a futuristic battlefield and throws the player into a far flung future where the inhabitants of Mars oppose those on Earth. The gunplay is as tight as ever with some really great weapon choices. Add to this the fact that unlike Black Ops 3, shooting robot enemies actually feels impactful and not dull and lifeless. The mission structure is a breath of fresh air as there are actual side missions in the game, whether it be boots on the ground or in a spacecraft. The flying missions are a nice breather between the campaign missions that seem to run at a breakneck pace.Narratively, the game is quite strong. I think for the first time since Modern Warfare I actually remembered characters name’s and felt some sort of an attachment for them. While I’ve mainly enjoyed Call of Duty campaigns, they’re not exactly where I look for great characterization, but Infinite Warfare gives you a team that I actually felt a connection with.I will add that the game also ran quite flawless for me. Running a GTX 970, i5 3570k at 2560x1440, I routinely got upwards of 70 FPS and never dipped below 60 with everything maxed. The game looks and runs marvelously.I greatly enjoyed my time with Infinite Warfare and gives me some encouragement about the direction of the series after the misstep that was Black Ops 3. So while some may bemoan the release of this annualized franchise, I look forward with anticipation that is indeed another year, another Call of Duty.
Edit: The connection problems are apparently fixed, so I changed my review to "Recommended"---Old review----I don't recomed this game, because of the servers and p2p problems, I'm always getting the "Can not migrate host" message, the game worked well the first 2 or 3 weeks but after that is a nightmare to join to an online game . Fortunately I enjoyed the game when it worked, I like the futuristic, fast and frenetic shooters with small maps and this game meet all of those, but the online system just don't work. I will give a try on the next week if the connection problem still appearing I will delete this game forever.--------------------Update 1 12/14/2016: Impossible to join a gameUpdate 2 12/15/2016: Joined an online game but a lot of lag.Update 3 12/16/2016: Working normallyUpdate 4 12/21/2016: Still working well
I have started a subreddit if you have proof of cheaters you meet ingame!Go to  and submit your hacker there.You only need to have videos with gameplay ( killscams of the cheater ) and the users profile ( steam profile ) and game status.We want to collect proof of all the cheaters so Infinity Ward can ban the trash once and for all. Hope you will upvote and participate to make the game experience better for this awesome game.Regard TurdtheThird
Definitely a fun game... enjoyable storyline if you like Sci-fi... my only complaint about the Campaign was that towards the end the "Hero" was sounding borderline suicidal/martyrdom minded... (of course in more the "I'll stay back to ensure ya'll get out safe" and not in the "strap me with a bomb and let me run at em as its ticking down" way but still....) enjoying the Zombies albiet looking forward to the new maps to drop... Multiplayer (as always) can be a real pain.. (at least in my experience) it appears they allowed "Aim Assist" for controller players in competitive MP... (really makes it a pain for me as a Keyboard/mouse player... albiet rather they eliminated MP aim assist for all rather than enable KB/M Aim Assist)
I really don't understand what all the negative commentary was about. Just finished the single player, and I really loved it. Truth be told, I'm somewhat of a science-fiction fan, space travelling included. So, I might be biased here.Off course, I doubt a COD single player story will ever be as good as MW3 or Black Ops I, but it is really enjoyable with some memorable missions. Unlike e.g. Black Ops II, this will be a campaign I will play again in some time.I cannot comment on multiplayer yet, and I probably won't, because as a father of three, I cannot "train" enough to be of any use online ;-)Rating: 4/5 - kick♥♥♥♥♥Peace to the fallen!
MW2 Isn't even this dead ...
I was very skeptical before buying this game, the reviews made it out as if Multiplayer is next to impossible to play.This really isn't the case. I'm having no trouble finding games, and I don't think I've come across any hackers yet to be quite honest. Having great fun so far, would reccomend :)8/10
This game is a surprise from start to finish. The story line is fantastic without being unrealistic. Right from the get-go you feel compelled to continue, and take the fight to the enemy.Regardless of the minor hiccups, overall the graphic quality is exceptional. The in-game control available for post processing etc. is refreshing, and the ability to further quantify your graphic needs by editing the .cfg file is a bonus for PC players not often mentioned. The amount of detail is amazing, right down to the rivets holding the compliance plates on the helmets.The attention to detail to level design and playthrough is very good too. There is an allowable amount of freedom on a set path toward the goal, which is usual for CoD. Freedom of movement in Space combat is exceptional. You won't need to reach for a controller, as the Keyboard/Mouse control feels good. The selection of weapons and attachments (you get more as the game progresses) is nice, and the sounds for each weapon feels right. The Devs made the usual mistake of 'Space Noise', but it seems to be a common theme in games today.On a sour note, Infinity Ward opted for the 'Push Through' combat style of play typical for consoles. It works like this:When (as in real life combat) you encounter the enemy, you assess the situation, receive information from the team and quickly decide the best course of action. And this is when 'Push Through' comes into play.If you stay put, wave after wave of enemy advance toward you, and your team members suddenly forget how to aim. BUT, if you rush toward the enemy, shooting only what you need too, your team will miraculously finish off anything you pass.This means you only need to run forward, ducking and weaving, and advance to the next checkpoint. There are no penalties for doing this, except missing out on a more realistic fire-fight. The upshot for the Devs is you finish the game quickly, so you’re ready to buy the next one. The combat lacks strategy, planning, and a realistic use of cover and landscape. Overall, the Single Player rates as follows;Story: 9/10Graphics: 9/10Sound: 9/10Combat: 3/10If you want a review for multiplayer, just read through all the negative recommendations. They're not exactly reviews, more criticisms than anything else. Viewer Discretion Advised.Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I could do that for hours!You  sad-sacks make me laugh! Most you , and you  have the hide to complain. Ha ha ha ha.Go and [s]upgrade[/s] buy a . NOT a laptop. NOT a Harvey Rip-off. A REAL PC. A system BUILT to spec by a TECH.THEN, play the game - and tell me about any REAL problems you have. Then I'll listen to you...and I suspect, so will the DEVS
You guys hate this game just because u, the fans, asked for something else. You hate it because it isnt like the world war 2 or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. You hate that because you're tired of Futuristic games and you wanna go back in time. S-O   W-H-A-T!!! This game is one of my favorite, finished the storyline singleplayer just today and i gotta say that lots of effort had been put in this game. It's just amazing. You hate it for no reason, this game is excellent and if i could, I would've rate it for the 'game of the year'. Think twice people. Try it. It's worth it. Promise these words.
Very fun game to play if you ignore all the nonsense hate on this.Didn't played CoD since the very first Part of CoD came out centuries ago :Dcan't understand the hate on it...- Lot of fun Weapons- Nice Camos- different Classes to choose- Gear setup- tons of idiots to laugh about :D- gettin called a Hacker by a noob when you have stats like 14:14- appreciate the compliment
I'm not much into multiplayer, unless its Mario Kart, but Infinite Warfare has the best CoD campaign since Modern Warfare 2. I really enjoyed this one, kind of lost faith in CoD single players for a while but very happy to see Infinity Ward's still got it.
Love the game, but it is way to short. So if you buy it be prepared for it to end quick, but you will enjoy the ride.
good (y)
fantastic Game
.
Very Nice!
I couldn't find the reason, why people hated this game? Anyway I enjoyed it
very nice
Its a good game for the new era call of dutys the only reason people dont like it is its not like the old era (blops 2, mw2 and cod ghost)
Good game takes a while to run for me but a very well developed game. Its pretty amazing to say im running this game with intel(r) 520 graphics card at 30-40 fps so if ur computer is good enough i say buy the deluxe and have fun cause its a very enjoyable game and ull love zombies in spaceland. But they need to add cod points onto pc so i can buy more crates. The multiplayer servers are a big flaw tho sometimes itll be hard to find a game but im a zombies player so it doesnt bother me that much. 8/10 would recommend.
I have been playing Call of Duty since the beginning, there's been great games (the original, obviously, Modern Warfare, Black Ops 2) and there's been some god-awful games (Ghosts and Advanced Warfare). This game is actually pretty decent, it may not raise to the level of greatness like Modern Warfare or BLOPS 2 but its enjoyable and keeps me coming back for more despite it's downfalls.While I haven't finished the single-player campaign (I'm more of a multiplayer gamer now-a-days), what I have played is thoroughly enjoyable but it would have been nice if they had incorporated cooperative gameplay in (even if it was only with one other player).I enjoy the Zombies mode, it adds a nice change of pace and lets you play something cooperatively with friends, they didn't change the formula too much from the previous games but just enough to where it didn't feel like the same exact thing as the others. My biggest complaint with this mode is it takes friggin' forever to level up weapons.Multiplayer is enjoyable. It's the normal fast-paced run and gun gameplay that we all know and love from Call of Duty. The movement system feels right. It's not too slow and not too fast and the added movements (double-jump, wallrunning, etc etc) don't feel forced. The maps are well designed and being able to play on terminal once again is amazing. The weapons seemed balanced and the quartermaster upgrades offer nice additions but don't offer any absurd advantages over someone using a stock weapon.I have three big complaints about the multiplayer. The first being the player base, there's just not enough people playing the game but I understand. PC gamers are tired of getting screwed by Activision over this series. The second is that there are no dedicated servers, at all. I realize that seeing a server browser with custom servers probably isn't going to happen in Call of Duty again (maybe in a Treyarch CoD, since those devs actually seem to like us) but the fact that they're using peer-to-peer connections is ridiculous. It clearly gives the host player an advantage, on several occasions I've noticed shots not registering on a certain player. The third ridiculous thing that they (Infinity Ward and Activision) decided to not do for this game is to include any type of active anti-cheat measures, no VAC, no Punkbuster, no Fairfight, no Battleeye, nothing. I have little doubt that #2 and #3 are the responsible for #1. If Infinity Ward will fix those two problems, I think this game would probably be one of the better releases in recent years.Despite its flaws though, I still enjoy the game and still can recommend it to other players.
Awesome game, but the cutscenes seems to become unsynced after 5 mins
*Campaign review only* According to famous prophecy of Baba Vanga such conflict between Earth and  Colonies on Mars will happen maybe 200 years from now so who knows.. It is a quite interesting sc-fi scenario. As for the game itself It was a fun ride. I do enjoy the story, the characters (are memorable) and the setting. The flight combat is nicely done. There is an overwhelming feeling of lots of things going on on space which is cool. I liked the smooth transitions between gun walking and then jumping into the ship and fire up from above. Also nice graphics and good general performance on pc port.
10/10 Wait that's not right. 11/10 Yeahhhhh that's right
its ok not the best.your  probley only play once its no mw2 i think call of duty now just think we will buy because its a call of duty game they have got lazy with old looking graphics and boring storys that finish the way it starts. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzyes im talking about you to black ops 3 zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Very good game
Haven't bought a Call of Duty game since MW3. All that was missing from this game was prototype laser swords. Looks awesome in 3440x1440. Never played multiplayer. If IW puts out a game like this every now and then they might have a lifetime buyer.
Loved Ethan. Never thought he would sacrifice so much for his leader, Reyes! 8/10
11/7 bES Gemm WAN 2 pLEH wIT FRaN 2 fRAn wANnnHHn gEHNMgIB 2 fRAMH hOO dON wAHN gHEM
i want Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® Remastered DLC  how be take it only ??
Multiplayer - Sh*tCampaign   - Alright Zombies     - Awsome
Feels the same as Black Ops 3 in my opinion, however still not a bad game.
This game is absolute garbage. Do Not Spend 100$ Just to get Modern Warfare Remastered.This game Constantly rubberbands and lags. I run a GTX 970 and It still rubberbands. DO NOT BUY1.5/10
I'm really liking this Sci-Fi take on the Call of Duty's.The Adavanced Movement system really brings lot of new stuff to this game.Story is surprisingly good other than the voice acting in some places sound a bit dull.Multiplayer so far has been really nice i haven't encountered any hackers i will update when i do tho!2
Best scifi game
Story was awesome, 8.5/10Multiplayer, not so much. 4/10
It's not that bad honestly.It was just unfortunate timing to release this game at the time where the hate on futuristic CoD games peaked.
Best Call of Duty in quite some time in my opinion, far better than AW, Ghost or BO3
ถือว่าเป็นเกมที่กระแสแรง(ด้านลบ)ตั้งแต่เกมยังไม่ออกเลยทีเดียว อันเนื่องมาจากการเปลี่ยนธีมที่หลุดออกนอกอวกาศเลยทีเดียว บอกตามตรงแรกๆ ก็ชักหวั่นว่าตัวเกมจะออกมาดีไหม จะมีปัญหา จุกจิก เรื่องการพอท อีกไหม แต่เมื่อตัวเกมออกและได้เล่น เนื้อเรื่องจนจบ บอกเลยว่า ไม่ผิดหวัง บางคนอาจมองว่า ทำไมตัวเกมหลุดออกนอกอวกาศ แต่ เพราะการหลุดออกนอกอวกาศของภาคนี้ ทำให้มีเนื้อหาใหม่ๆ ที่ไม่ใช้แค่ตามล่าผู้ก่อการร้ายบนพื้นดิน แต่ ตามล่ากันในอวกาศ มีมิซซั่น ยิบย่อยให้ทำ การขับเครื่องบินไล่ยิงทำได้ดี สนุกกว่าที่ผ่านๆมา ถ้าลองคิดเล่นๆ ทีมงานทำ Ghost 2 แทน Infinite Warfare บอกเลยว่า คงน่าเบื่อกว่าที่จะยึดติดกับอะไรเดิมๆ โดยไม่คิดอะไรใหม่ๆ ถือว่าการออกนอกอวกาศครั้งนี้ตัดสินใจถูกแล้ว ด้านเนื้อเรื่อง [ดีมาก] ออกมาตามแบบฉบับ คอล ออฟ ดิ้วตี้ ที่ใครๆก็รู้ว่า เน้นจุดนี้มาก แม้หลายอย่างจะสามารถเดาทางได้ แต่ ไม่ต้องห่วงว่าจะไม่มีอะไรตื่นตา ในภาคนี้จะได้เจอฉากใหม่ๆอลังการ ระเบิด หรือ ของเล่นใหม่ๆ การดำเนินเรื่องเหมือนได้ดูหนังเรื่องหนึ่ง  ด้านเสียง [ดี] เสียงปืนซีรีย์นี้เริ่มพัฒนามาได้ดีตั้งแต่ ซีรีย์ Ghost ที่เริ่มมีความหนักแน่น ให้เห็น แม้จะมีหลายคน อคติ บอกก๊องแก๊ง แต่ถ้ามองโดยรวม ถือว่าดีกว่าเกมยิงโดยทั่วไปอยู่แล้ว ไม่นับ ซีรีย์คู่แข่งที่ทำเสียงออกมาดีมาก เสียงรายละเอียดต่างๆทำออกมาดีด้านกราฟฟิค [ดีมาก] เป็นสิ่งที่กลัวที่สุดของซีรีย์นี้คือการพอทมาแบบลวกๆ ซึ่งตอนเล่นครั้งแรกมีอาการ สกรีน ฟรีซ หรือพูดคร่าวๆ คือ เฟรมเรทสูง แต่มีจังหวะชะงัก ให้เสียอารมณ์ แต่พอเล่นไปได้ระดันหนึ่งอาการจะหายไป เอนจิ้น ยังคงซดทรัพยากรไปเต็มที่ ชนิดที่กินทุกอย่างที่มี ไม่ว่าจะเป็น Ram Vram พี่แกซดจนเกม BF1 ยังอาย แต่ก็ไม่เป็นปัญหาอะไร เพราะมันก็จะกินตามที่เรามีมีน้อยก็กินเกลี้ยง มีมากก็กินเกลี้ยง ไม่ต่างกัน แต่ภาพที่ได้ สวยงาม แสงเงา จัดเต็ม  จนแทบไม่มีคำว่า ซีรีย์นี้ภาพกาก อีกแล้ว หลังจากที่ผ่านมาจุดนี้โดนโจมตีบ่อยมัลติเพลเยอร์ [ปรับปรุง] นี้คงเป็นจุดเดียว ที่บอกได้ว่าน่าผิดหวัง ตัวเกมขาดสมดุลอย่างมาก และเน้นเกมเร็วจนขาดความสนุก อารมณ์ที่เล่นคือนี้ใช้ คอล ออฟ ดิ้วตี้ หรอ มันแปลกๆ ไม่ได้หมายถึง แปลกที่ มันเป็น อวกาศอะไร แต่แปลกที่ระบบ ต่างๆ เช่นการมีขีด HP เวลายิง เกมพยายามใส่ อาวุธพิเศษเข้ามาแบบ แบลคออฟ 3 แต่หลายอย่างดูไร้ความจำเป็นมาก และหลายอย่างก็โกงมากๆ บวกกับการมาแพคคู่กับ โมเดิรน วอแฟร์ รีมาสเตอร์ ทำให้ หลายคนเข้าไปหวด ตัวรีมาสเตอร์มากกว่า เพราะได้กลิ่นอายภาคเดิมๆ และถูกใจคนที่ไม่ชอบ การสู้แบบ ปีนปาย กระโดดสับ ได้ดี (ผมก็เป็นหนึ่งในนั้น)สรุป การมาของ ภาคตะลุยอวกาศ นี้ ถือว่า สวนกระแสด้านลบเลยทีเดียว ซึ่งจริงๆ หลายคนก็คงทราบดีอยู่แล้ว ว่าเกมออกมาดีแน่นอน แต่ด้วยความอนุรักษ์นิยม ประมาณ เห้ย ขอเป็นหน่วยซีล เดินป่า ตามล่า ผู้ก่อการร้าย ได้ไหม ตรูไม่อยากไปอวกาศ ก็เลยอคติไปหน่อย และดูท่าทางผู้พัฒนา ก็คงรู้จุดนี้ดีจึงออก ภาครีมาสเตอร์มาล่อด้วย (รึเปล่า) ก็ทำให้คนที่อยากเล่นตัวรีมาสเตอร์ซื้อ แต่เชื่อว่า พอได้ลองเล่น ภาค ตะลุยอวกาศ ก็คงอุทานในใจว่า มันไม่ได้เลวร้ายเลยนี้หว่า ดังคำกล่าวที่ว่า ช้างตายทั้งตัว เอาใบบัวปิดไม่ชิด ไม่ช่ายยละ ดังคำกล่าวที่ว่า สิ่งที่เรากลัว ไม่ใช้การทำอะไรเดิม แต่เป็น การขาดอะไรใหม่ๆ มากกว่า
it's alright g
i promised myself i wouldn't buy this game but i gave it a chance and im glad i did its amazing and i love it, if you like call of duty then you will like infinite warfare.
im loving the zombies its slow starting but when you know where every thing is its a doddle but hard deffo keeps you on your toes
There is a level in campaign that is glitched making it unable to finish. This needs to be fixed. Apart from that the game is good.
Isn't pay2win for now so... 8/10
I've played every other CoD game and I used to play them in the majority of my spare time. In my opinion, Infinite Warfare's precursor, Advanced Warfare, was fun and innovative but it had its flaws, then they ruined it with constant buffs and nerfs until everything was extraordinarily broken. This game feels like it has the same potential. With the same weapon variant system as AW had, I wouldn't be surprised if it ended up going down the same road. However, it has very fluid movement and it's more intuitive than AW was. This game is surprisingly fun, and I've been having more fun playing it than I expected. But, there is one prevalent issue that I can only assume will get worse over time. From the very first few games I already encountered a blatant hacker. It ruins the experience for that game but I haven't been meeting a lot. However, for the short time that I've been playing the game it's been too many hackers than what one should meet. Overall, the game is fun but it has a potential to end up poorly if the devs treat it the same way they did with Advanced Warfare, and the cheating can only get worse from here on out unless they implement an anti-cheat system.PROS: - It's very fun for a non-traditional CoD shooter - The weapons feel both familiar and new  - Innovative but still feels like a CoD game - Stunning visuals - Very nice audio  - Maps are mostly fun, some are meh but that's mostly opinion based Not sure what else you'd want to hear about a Call of Duty game, other than "Yes, it's fun"CONS: - Some of the character class types seem like they're a little unbalanced with other types - Currently there's a huge potental for cheating - Weapon variant system might end badlyOTHER COMMENTS: - The weapon "Loot Box" system is good now, but I'm pretty sure they're making the boxes purchasable soon. I'm not a fan of this because it encourages a pay-to-win mentality, especially since most weapon variants are earned through the boxes. However, for the time being, the loot boxes are earned through gameplay and it's fine.All in all, this game is fun. Much more than I expected it to be. If the developers can take care of it, I think it will last. However, it has some crucial cracks and flaws that can only inevitably get bigger if they aren't fixed.
This game is most likely one of the best COD games Ive played, but I still like COD2 Best alot better. I'd rather buy the game for $200 than buy this!
13 hours for single player CoD is something outstanding, based on statistic for other games in the series.I haven't played other CoD games, but MW1, hence can't say out of my moma's basement that 'I'm so bored with this super top-notch show quality  everty year, jez'. But it's truly amazing, even Michal Bay doesn't make anything good as this. On other hand it has horrible gameplay. I wasn't aware of 'RPG' element, therefore beginning of it is pretty rough but it gets better towards the end. Is more modern style at the end of the game. Two Akimbo shotguns at the Mars Shipyard is priceless.13 hours for $15 is kind of 'ok-ish' price for provided quality, since I have no interest in the rest on content (multiplayer and zombies). Activision should learn how to split prices for Single, Multiplayer, Co-op and they will have much more customers, instead forcing people to buy whole package for full price and getting negatives because of 'same and bad multiplayer' as based on comments/reviews.
MWR is very good but INV is very bad
I just finished the Campaign mode and it was awesome, and the way they ended the game was the most emotional I have seen. Every game should end similar to this
My review is relating this COD to older onesDisclaimer: These are all personal opinion Main Points:Campaign(my favorite part by far)-----World at WarMultiplayer----Infinite WarfareZombies------ Black Ops 3Side Items:Weapons------------------GhostsAttatchments--------------Black Ops 2Perks-----------------------Modern Warfare 2Character Customization---Infinite WarfareMovement------------------Black Ops 3Progression (Campaign)----Black Ops 2Progression (Multiplayer)---Infinite WarfareProgression (Zombies)-----Black Ops 3Zombies Easter Egg--------Black Ops8/10 Overall---------------Black Ops 3 done rightMy top 5 favorite COD games (For Refrence):1. COD 22. BO23. WAW4. IW5. MW3
this game is good, zombies is the best part. wost thing is that you cant get anyother game modes on multiplayer except team deathmatch in aus due to servers
this game is good, zombies is the best part. wost thing is that you cant get anyother game modes on multiplayer except team deathmatch in aus due to servers
Note: This is a recommendation purely for the campaign - As of writing this I have not played the multiplayer or zombies as I am not really a fan of the way either have progressed in recent entries of the franchiseJust to get the negatives out of the way there are some issues that are plaguing the game (apparently a lot of multiplayer ones but as I said, I haven't touched it so I can't really comment) but as far as my experience goes, there was nothing gamebreaking. The worst I had was the cutscenes (the pre-rendered ones not in-game ones) being choppy and having the audio out of sync. It did take me out of the experience momentarily but I got over it quickly. Also, the marketing; the first trailer on the store page shows what looks like a typical gung-ho dude-bro story and a lot of the other marketing materials support this view of the game but I found it to be anything but! On the contrary, it was genuinely a more serious and at times more emotional story with a lot of effort put in. Other than the above annoyances I was kind of blown away by the campaign and I am more than happy to give IW a recommendation on that alone! Infinity Ward have really redeemed themselves in my eyes as far as narrative and gameplay go. For anyone who wishes CoD would evolve, innovate or do something new, this is it! This is the game that did an awful lot of new things for the series!+ Optional Side Missions+ Zero-Gravity fights+ Space Fighter Combat+ Memorable and diverse characters (Seriously, of all the main cast, there was not one forgetable or throwaway one)+ Hugely varied environments+ Oddly good quiet/subtle/reflective moments (wasn't expecting that from a CoD game)+ Small boss fights+ A compelling narrative+ Stuff I am probably missingHonestly, I feel like this has been the best CoD campaign in a while and it may have just become my favourite. Not since Black Ops 2 has a CoD game successfully done something so different to the regular formula. I can genuinely say that the game provided me with some unique experiences! To say more than this would venture too close to spoiler territory, both for the narrative and for the gameplay. I managed to pick this up on the cheap during a cyber monday sale and it was well worth the money spent, but while I have almost nothing but good things to say about it I can't ignore the fact that the current price of £39.99 is still a lot for a roughly 8 hour campaign (completed on regular). My advice would be this, please don't forget this game if yoy enjoy FPS campaigns, instead wait for it to go on sale for about £20 or less and then give it a go, I promise you will not be disappointed and I would love to see more of this storytelling and gameplay innovation in future titles!
<3 I love it!
Good news for hackers: you can use any type of hacks, without consequences.
Good game. and worth the money
The single player is actually decent.zombies is is zombies not my sorta thing but as good as the previous ones.
Ok let me just say that if you are burnt from generic call of duty then you will most likley not enjoy this game. However, if your bored this game is really fun for short burts. Binging this game is not a good idea. Though if your bored it will provide a lot of fun for 1-2 hours.
So,i don't understand this world sometimes.I have played every single COD game(except AW) and i can say,that this game doesn't deserve the hate it gets.Listen up,guys.This game is the best COD new era game.(I mean the best sci-fi exo jump COD game).The Infinity Ward team has put a lot of effort into this and i respect that.I won't be part of the hate majority.I will tell you my reasons why i think that IW is even better than BO3.Disclaimer:If you have already played BO3 and AW both,you won't enjoy this game as much as i enjoy it.But now listen up.I have played BO3 but only for like 2-3 hours and i can say that this game easily beats it.If you are like me,who has almost no knowledge in exo suits,you will enjoy this game.Now it's time for the real review:Singleplayer:This will probably be my longest review on Steam,just because i want to put end to this injustice.This game is amazing.No,really it is.I will start with the best thing about this game.The story.Absolutely fantastic.I can't even describe how i feel.As i said,i have played almost all COD campaigns(this includes all the ww2 COD games,Ghosts,BO2 and the MW games).This game comes just after my favourite MW franchise.I won't spoil the story,but i will only say that you just MUST complete it,as well as consider completing the side missions,because they aren't what you probably think they are. All of them are completely different and don't get boring.That's the awesome thing about this game.COD:IW also feels very lively.The game has a bit of freeroam opportunities around the ship and it is very cool to see the that Infinity Ward are adding this small details to make the game feel more realistic.I like the fact,that the game is made like a movie.Your character has  a very cool personality(unlike the mw series for example,where some of the playable characters have no history behind them).The cutscenes are also really cool.I really enjoy watching them.I also feel attached to some of the characters,thanks to their positive personality.The voice acting is very good as well.I can say many other positive things about the campaign,but i will leave the rest for the reader of this review to discover.Multiplayer:Well,it's good.The gameplay is cool.The killstreaks are reskins like in every other COD game,so i can't say anything special about them.The cool thing i noticed were the maps.They are astonishing.I really like playing on them.The weapons are really cool actually.I thought they were gonna look like♥♥♥♥♥♥but some of them are really beatiful looking(im talking about the NV4 here).The first thing the player will notice when creating his class in multiplayer will be that the weapons are look like a futuristic version of old COD games.Some of the weapons aren't even changed.They look exactly the same(for example the ump-45 or the so called mactac-45 in IW).The game isn't p2w imo.Yeah,getting an epic weapon from supply drops has it's advantages,but it can be countered if you are a skillful player.I still don't like the supply drop system.I forgot the mention the return of the nuke.Sadly,i haven't witnessed someone getting it,because it is even harder to get than before.Zombies:I haven't played and can't say anything.I will say only that i'm a big fan of the 80s (Hotline Miami is one of my favourite games and i really like movies like Kung Fury,Terminator,Drive).Why am i saying that?Well,i have watched some gameplay of the zombies and it seems like they are set in a theme park in an alternative 80s universe.So yeah,maybe the gamemode is cool.I will update my review as soon as (or if) I start playing them.Final Verdict:8/10 (the review is only for IW,even though i like MWR more,i will update my review to include my opinion on the remaster as soon as the developers fix the stuttering problems)
Just for the singleplayer, it's like Halo reach 2.0! Definitely worth it.
The Zombies mode is great, the Campaign is amazing and the Multiplayer is alright but if you buy the game only expect to be able to play Team Deathmatch in Multiplayer unless you're lucky because that is basically the only gamemode with people in it.
Its a pretty good game. Realy fun to play. BUT DONT BUY COD POINTS!!!! ITS A SCAM!!!! they let people buy them and then they removed them but ofcourse they dont refund the money. Luckely i only spent 10 dollar but still. I want my money back!!
Atleast in this game Jon snow knows something. Mars Aeturnum. For the Mars.
Guess I still have the chance to get to lv1000 in Black Ops 3.Game is not bad, if only they still remember they actually launched the game on PC too.===================2017.10.31 Re-review=====================After leaving this game in the dust for 9 months, I decided to pick it up, mostly driven by its zombies mode. To be honest, the zombies installment for IW is very ambitious, and is well made and directed. I do follow the mode's lead Lee Ross, and he is passionate about this game. His passion is well reflected in the game mode, and I have to give the pros for it.But I also have to write about the zombies mode and the zombies mode alone. Sure it's got a lot of potential, but may definately be better. Story wise, the story is designed but not performed well. It feels very weak and unrelated throughout the gameplay. Character quotes are not intriguing and strong enough to even think about the implication. The overall scheme is barely comprehendable. Hopefully that would become better in the next game.Gameplay wise, it is really hard to write about. I just feel something "OFF" but I can't really put it into words. The mode is indeed difficult but not feeling in a correct way. There are sure a lot to explore but they are so distant from the core gameplay that might interest people. Again I feel like I am not qualified to write too much about it, as I didn't play the game enough to actually get the judgement.Last I would like to touch on how they close off Extinction in this zombies mode. It feels refreshing to hear about the mode again yet, they finished it too generally. In The Beast From Beyond, it was explained that Extinction is a series of Wyler's films, and that this map is a "re-write" of Nightfall. But that doesn't come to a solid explanation in the game. There are radios explaining the event post Exodus, but that feels quite unsatisfying, and that's it. I am pretty neutral on how they have done telling the Extinction story, but I know many Extinction core players aren't any happy with it.Overall, an ambitious game, born too late, or born too early. I slightly feel sorry for Infinity Ward.
I ♥♥♥♥ing hate everything about this damn game. 9/10
Not as good as Black Ops 3 but still really good in its own
However i had some issues with a game like crashing a few times.  But that's it. I liked it.
The refund button works well
Love this game! Good, dynamic multiplayer and very creative and funny zombie easteregg storyline. Best COD!!!
If you like future warfare like in CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS III it is a beast of a game it is funIt it is like a movie  it has a relly good nuke!!!
In my opinion, if you liked Call of Duty: Black Ops III, you'll most definitely enjoy IW.  It's basically a carbon copy except has better framerates, better graphics, and a faster key system (at least in my playthroughs.)  The zombies mode is fun but can quickly get repetitive, campaign I haven't touched, and the multiplayer for the most part is fantastic.  Solid 8/10
I will actually give this game 3 points out of 10. Better than No Man's Sky
omg im new to the whole pc gaming thing..how can i make or find more friends on steam?? i want to play with random people online! no one is ever online!! please help me! im from sri lanka.thanks.the game is epic btw .thanks steam
very good game
Wow.Fight with Modern weapons in space like in Shattered Horizon. Fly space fighter jets, fight drones with electronic grenades, jump boosts to get to hard places, horizontal wall walking, play as a captain of a space battlecruiser. Although not like Mass Effect 2, Infinite Warfare tries to open up to open-world like campaign.TL;DR the initial part is scripted, the second part is more selective with pre-scripted battles like in Dawn of War 3.
Tahle hra má dvá tábory hráčské populace. Ti co jí milují jsou jejími obránci a ti co jí nesnášejí... no jí prostě nesnášejí. Já jsem se zázrakem dostal do středu, kde je jen málo lidí. Hrál jsem takřka všechny díly COD od jedniček (Mimo Black Ops 1, Advanced Warfare a BO3) a u tohoto dílu mám následující názor: Hratelnost je více než dobrá a akce rychlá jako obvykle. Zklamalo mě akorát létání a chození po zdech... tohle si mohli odpustit. Tématika a originalita příběhu je už ovšem horší a nemluvě o délce kampaně. Této hře bych dal tak 6/10. Nevidím v ní hru roku, ale zase se nedá zahazovat k tomu nejhoršímu.
If you like call of duty black ops 3 youd probably like this game, its more of the same game with new maps and new features. Is it the best game or most innovative in the series defently not. I personally wouldnt pick this up without getting MWR, Thats where the valuie is.
Az űrben senki sem hallja majd a sikolyodA legújabb Call of Duty követi a trendet,és az űrbe kalauzolja el a playert."Űr,Ó te Messzi messzi"Kampány.Multi.Zombik.Az esetek többségében az űrben fogunk harcolni a kampányrésszel ami olyan 8+ egynéhány órát tesz ki (mint egy alap CoD) A multiplayer java része is ittjátszódik mint ahogy az lenni szokott.A pályák szépen kidolgozottak,sőt az MW2 remasterizált Terminál is nagyot üt."Szóval a legújabb COD olyan mint egy Warframe" (vnorberto065)Igaza volt voltaképp max annyiban hogy 'Salvage'k  gyűjtésével egy jobb fegyvervariánst kraftolhatunk -igen WarframeEzeket a 30-as láda fogja dobni,és változó mennyiségű lehet.Kék láda egyszerűség kedvéért.Vagyis inkább a normál láda kártyát,célzót ruhát a kék láda az esetek többségében rare vagy jobb fegyvervariánst ad aminek van 1-2 tulajdonsága mint pl.: 25 ölésért atomot dob a pályára.Ezek mondjuk jók,de nagyon nehéz 25-öt ölni hogy meg nem halsz hacsak nem csalszAz gránátok és egyéb eszközök is inkább valami modern scifire hasonlítanak mintsem egy II.világháborúra.A fekete lyuk generátor például jópofa.A többi eszköz mint pl a dobókés most nemcsak dobó,de egyben robbanó is.Jók ezek bár ha semmi hasznuk sincs mondjuk van 1-2 jó de a többi fölösnek érzem.Most az hogy a gránátot dobom vagy repítem szerintem tökmindegy sebezzen azt kész.A lehívható eszközök között is akad jónáhány ami érdekes de nagyrészük drága és lehívni lehetetlen hacsak nem csalsz valahogy.Ami használható a Dróndoboz,A T.H.O.R. és a Wardenre keresztelt légijármű a többi hülyeségnek tartom.A Mission Teamek a kampányból átvett csapatok akiket szintenként unlockolhatunk,és körönként adnak egy kihívást aminek teljesítéséért szintet lép az egységünk -OMG 0oRiget nekem de azonnyombanA rigek azok a karakterek akiket szintenként unlockolhatunk,és van 1-2 tulajdonságuk.Az egység szintenként dob ruhát,sisakot hozzá.A fegyverek is inkább valami modern scifire hajaznak,mintha ez valami III.világháború lenne.Assault,SMG,LMG, satöbbi energia formátumban.Mondjuk a Classic kategóriás Garandot bírtam az valami isteni Zombik- maradj lent fel sem kelj ( A L I E N™  Dying Light)Egy űrvidámparkban harcolunk az élőhalottak ellen négy egyetemista valamelyikével.A harcunkat segítik különféle eszközök és kraftolható eszközök ez mind a 80-as években.Az easter egg piszoknehéz 3 órás kaland ufókkal is.Új,Év Új CoD-tartja a mondás  jó ez a scifi lövölde de csak énérzem hogy ebből 26. már kicsit unalmas.Csak annak ajánlom aki szereti a Codot másnak nem csapatban jó tolni a többi hasznavehetetlen gyök meg már unalmas.Én codon nőttem fel és ez ígyvan rendjén de ami már végképp hülyeség  hogy a ládákat kulcsért nyithatjuk és nem körönként vagy ölésért adja.Kulcsot kör végén ad csak.Ráadásul a normál láda csak kártyát meg ikont vág a fejedhez,a kéket nyissátok az értelmesebbet dob.Aki tudja a CoD csak ideig óráig foglal le valakit-mint pl engem ha ráunom  a multit ott a zombi vagy a kampány de az mellékes legalábbis számomraA Co-Op részleget hiányolom belőle,meg a védelmi rendszert a CoD védelme egy Windows tűzfaléval egyenlő nemigaz hogy nemcsinálnak valamit és minden évben ez megyKössz hogy benéztél
I'm just going to list a few thoughts when comparing Infinite Warfare to Black Ops III:- Movement in multiplayer is slightly slower than Black Ops III, the jump seems weaker but longer. - The maps are slightly less well balanced, but look more believeable and feel immersive.- The game engine is very smooth and solid, the animations look better, and character models have weight.- All game loadscreens seem about 10x quicker, and I can boot the game into the lobby in less than a minute.- Match making seems a little worse, with a little bit of a wait to get into a match.- All menus are very simple and streamlined, and only require a few clicks to find things.- The Zombies map and theme is a a little too light-hearted, but the gameplay is very tight.- The space setting feels kind of the same as BO3, but slightly more realistic, but maybe less cyber-punk.- The crates and 'scrap' feel far more generous to me and I earn a rare crate every few hours of play.- Not sure whether I prefer the new 'rigs' over the 'specialists' but you can swap your 'rig' mid game which adds strategy.
Very good campaign
nicee
By far the best COD made so far, but it was the most sentimental playtrough i have ever had.
I would say, to begin with the campaign was amazing, very well done in my eyes it allowed for the option of what you want to do as you are in charge of the retribution you choose what to hit and where of course you need to do the campaign but it was nice not having to right away, secondly i had very good FPS throughtout pretty much stuck with over 60 FPS the entire time take into mind i run 1080p not 4k so that might be a factor too. Pros :--Great story-Nice graphics-Slightly more freedom of choiceCons :--Could not even find a multiplayer match-Some parts of my campaign there would be no sound at all-Bit pricey for the fact multiplayer doesn't even workOverall :- Not a bad game if you purchase just for the campaign and zombies other than that the multiplayer aspect was hopeless in my eyes.
Good game, however the story could have been a bit better. I don´t like the multiplayer mode, as it is too fast paced and there too many high level players. The game runs good at full hd on an amd hd7950 on high quality.
zombies makes the game for me and the campaign is pretty cool
멀티가 고스트보다 빨리 잡힌다 추천
Games Well Good Worth Buying ! Better Paced Than Others Plays Still Like Ghost But Advanced Warfare At The Same Time New Exsperience Good Game!!
Pretty good gotta say, I had low expectations but it actually quite good.Campaign- Good.Multiplayer- (I'm bad) Ok.Zombies- (Very tacky) Good.Only compaint SELL COD 4 BY IT'S SELF (oh wait they did eventually).
its good
its ok
Let me put it this way.  If you liked black ops advanced warfare then you will love this.  This feels odd compared to bo3 but I really did enjoy this game.  Only gripe is that well... it's to easy.  I can't recall a game where i had a KD under 1.5.  Maybe it's my 2k hours in csgo that made me a robot?  I really don't know.  I wish this was the case in siege and battlefield 1
Zombies is very good and fun. Multiplayer is not bad. and Campaign never played it yet.
Maybe BF1 is better than this game...But I don't care.The graphics are amazing...And the new guns...ARE INSANE!!!If you played BO3 you'll probably like this game! :)
I cried... Good game but the haters will find something to complain about.
It would be a great game, but there is no anti-cheat and no players and no good patches so far. Apart from that the zombies is good and so is the story so if you want it for that get it
So Call of Duty recieves flak for so much. Often its lack of inovation or doing anything new. Then when they do they get flak for not being like Call of Duty. reviews either say "f you like CoD youll probably like it". This time it really felt like they had put in a ton of effort to break the mold.Ill start with the bad. It doesnt get on well with AVG and I had to mess around adding it to the exceptions list before it would even function.Right bad stuff over on to the cool.Graphics are stunning. characters look like their actors and scenery is awesome running on an I5 4690K and RX480 8gb ram. Story was gripping to me and had me till the end.Gameplay for me was the best bit. Kept the standard CoD frame work then added loads to it. Flight sections, multi funtions on the weapons, the ability to hack enemies (I know BO3 had it but that one sucked so I dont care).And as an added bonus the sound track was really cool.No idea YET about the multiplayer or zombies. ill look at them later but I rarely give either mode a look in on any CoD game so not bothered.Check it out. It really is worth it.
So,i don't understand this world sometimes.I have played every single COD game(except AW) and i can say,that this game doesn't deserve the hate it gets.Listen up,guys.This game is the best COD new era game.(I mean the best sci-fi exo jump COD game).The Infinity Ward team has put a lot of effort into this and i respect that.I won't be part of the hate majority.I will tell you my reasons why i think that IW is even better than BO3.Disclaimer:If you have already played BO3 and AW both,you won't enjoy this game as much as i enjoy it.But now listen up.I have played BO3 but only for like 2-3 hours and i can say that this game easily beats it.If you are like me,who has almost no knowledge in exo suits,you will enjoy this game.Now it's time for the real review:Singleplayer:This will probably be my longest review on Steam,just because i want to put end to this injustice.This game is amazing.No,really it is.I will start with the best thing about this game.The story.Absolutely fantastic.I can't even describe how i feel.As i said,i have played almost all COD campaigns(this includes all the ww2 COD games,Ghosts,BO2 and the MW games).This game comes just after my favourite MW franchise.I won't spoil the story,but i will only say that you just MUST complete it,as well as consider completing the side missions,because they aren't what you probably think they are. All of them are completely different and don't get boring.That's the awesome thing about this game.COD:IW also feels very lively.The game has a bit of freeroam opportunities around the ship and it is very cool to see the that Infinity Ward are adding this small details to make the game feel more realistic.I like the fact,that the game is made like a movie.Your character has  a very cool personality(unlike the mw series for example,where some of the playable characters have no history behind them).The cutscenes are also really cool.I really enjoy watching them.I also feel attached to some of the characters,thanks to their positive personality.The voice acting is very good as well.I can say many other positive things about the campaign,but i will leave the rest for the reader of this review to discover.Multiplayer:Well,it's good.The gameplay is cool.The killstreaks are reskins like in every other COD game,so i can't say anything special about them.The cool thing i noticed were the maps.They are astonishing.I really like playing on them.The weapons are really cool actually.I thought they were gonna look like♥♥♥♥♥♥but some of them are really beatiful looking(im talking about the NV4 here).The first thing the player will notice when creating his class in multiplayer will be that the weapons are look like a futuristic version of old COD games.Some of the weapons aren't even changed.They look exactly the same(for example the ump-45 or the so called mactac-45 in IW).The game isn't p2w imo.Yeah,getting an epic weapon from supply drops has it's advantages,but it can be countered if you are a skillful player.I still don't like the supply drop system.I forgot the mention the return of the nuke.Sadly,i haven't witnessed someone getting it,because it is even harder to get than before.Zombies:I haven't played and can't say anything.I will say only that i'm a big fan of the 80s (Hotline Miami is one of my favourite games and i really like movies like Kung Fury,Terminator,Drive).Why am i saying that?Well,i have watched some gameplay of the zombies and it seems like they are set in a theme park in an alternative 80s universe.So yeah,maybe the gamemode is cool.I will update my review as soon as (or if) I start playing them.Final Verdict:8/10 (the review is only for IW,even though i like MWR more,i will update my review to include my opinion on the remaster as soon as the developers fix the stuttering problems)
Pros:Damn good storyAmazing tearful endingCons:Core is suddenly HC, giving noobs unfair advantageGraphics look like crap even at highest
This review is only dedicated to Multiplayer.The multiplayer experience is pretty good I have to say, better then I expected. It does indeed has some let downs, but they are being fixed, or just aren't that big of a deal. Everyone is saying that their so no Anti-cheat System. They are 100% wrong, the game does indeed have a built in Anti-cheat. The game is new, so there are bond to be some cheaters. Infinity ward are currently collecting Intel on the situation and will be doing a big ban wave pretty soon! The Textures of the game are amazing, but that's not a surprise for them.The maps are totally different to what we have seen on the other generation of cod games.The guns and killstreaks are also pretty cool. They have added in some new killstreaks which I really like.Overall I love the game <3
Love the game so far but does anyone else not have kill confirmed if you know how to fix pls contact me thanks
Amazing game. The campaign is possibly the best one in the entire series. I cried at the end.This game and especially the legacy edition is ABSOLUTELY worth the price. The multiplayers is possibly one of the best balanced ones in the entire series. Some minor tweaks are needed but overall an amazing game. Do not listen to any haters who jump on a bandwagon. The MP is good and lag compensation is not bad like some are saying. The maps and style does need getting used to but after that it is a very fun game. Alot more boots on the ground than BO3 with interesting maps and no Pay to Win. The crafting system is just a bonus. You unlock all weapons normally, no tokens and if you want another variant you can craft it. It does not feel like you are being destroyed by someone just because they have a RNG paywall weapon unlike BO3 where this was the case 99% of the time. Totally would reccomend and I hope they will make an Infinite Warfare 2 as this is one of the best in the series. And Infinty Ward needs to give the team who made the campaign a massive raise.
One great campaign. I like how you can choose your own missions and dogfight in space. You can choose different weapons, decals and even upgrade your ship by doing side missions. The MP is the same run and gun stuff I won't play. I wish you can dogfight in MP. For what it is the campaign alone is worth it. I really liked the sci-fi theme to it and story.
I'm usually playing WW2 Shooters and Battlefield 1 so this game is a nice variety from what I play normally.I also dont get it why people hate it. Maybe Its because of the history of COD in general with all the future stuff but I think its cool and well made (Maybe because its my first Call of Duty game and my first futuristic one too).I would really recommend it to anyone!Get Titanfall 2 if you can. Its 10x better
Not as bad as before
the game not working please help me
The game isn't as bad as people make it out to be. Apart from some of the dreary maps, lack of matches (from the lack of players) & hackers. The game is good, in my opinion it's almost as good as BO3.
the game kept showing pink and never stopped something went wrong with the download help me please?
Zombies is good and baller than ever.Remastered is cool as well.Everything else is trash and should be avoided like the plague cause the game is cancer. :)
Solo : cool, call of in space, best part of game !!!Multi : a call of ... not the best multi of sagaFinally : Just for solo3/5
Only playing single player and loving it!
Best single player Call of duty has ever put out.
Thought it was going to be bad, but It's one of the best COD games i have ever played!!
I see a lot of reviews about the multiplayer. I haven't touched that, but if you check those other reviews, I imagine they're accurate: lots of cheaters/hackers about, the playerbase has been split between the Windows Store and Steam (wtf were you thinking Activision) so there aren't many players outside of hte main game modes. I've never really enjoyed the MP element of CoD games, so all that stuff doesn't bother me much.The aspect I've always liked is the SP campaigns. I've enjoyed almost every single one since CoD4, and this one's among the best. You can choose your weapon loadouts, every mission adds a perk that can be a bit of a gamechanger, and you can choose which missions you do at what times. The story is pretty good, I think - there are some elements that could've been better explored (like why is everyone instantly over Ethan being a robot), but I like the characters, and the missions are all really fun.The space combat is good too. You've been able to control vehicles in past CoD games, but your control was always super limited. It's nowhere near as limited in IW. You control a Jackal, which is basically an all-rounder of a jet. It can do space things and it can do atmosphere things. You actually have a lot of control over the aircraft when you're in it - there are invisible walls to the battlefield, but the game does a good job at keeping you where it wants you to be without forcing you to be there.The graphics are pretty good. They coudl be be better in some places, like the gun textures just look a bit blocky, but overall, it's passable. Some of the setpieces look awesome, especially in that first mission where aircraft are constantly falling out of the sky.If you're like me and you only care about the campaign, this is a good one. Pick it up on a sale sometime.
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare boasts a solid campaign (while on the short side) in addition to fun zombies (as always) and well-rounded multiplayer. The story of Infinite Warfare is a lot like the original Modern Warfare, just with space terrorists and lasers and spaceships. The campaign takes you all around our solar system (mainly Mars Earth and the moon, other planets are orbitted by space stations which fights take place on in single player and multiplayer) and has a quite cliche but also likeable james bond esc villain. Not anything special, but he's cool overall. The player takes control of John Everyman (joking) who is put in a bad position after his commanding officer is killed by the bad guys forces (called the Settlement Defense Front or SDF) and he must take over and defend earth. Your partner in crime, Lieutenant Fullyclothed Butstillsexy is the token woman soldier in the plot but is still a fine character overall, she doesn't feel hammed in in any way to keep the SJWs at bay. Which is always a plus nowadays in such a politically correct world. So basically you try to stop the SDF from taking over Earth after they have succesfully invaded other planets in our solar system. As for multiplayer the game sports the general Assault, SMG, LMG, Shotgun and Sniper categories, but also includes a "classic" category which takes some of the best weapons from previous Call of Duty's past such as the Intervention and Ump 45 which rival the futurisitic weapons in the game. New to the series are particle beam or "energy" weapons which use patricle beams to deal damage in a multitude of different manners, some hit hard but have huge recoil, others have high fire rates and deadly accuracy but suffer in terms of damage. A lot like the ballistic firearms then, eh? Well the energy weapons also sport various attachments specific to them, some which mimic the effects of the ballistic weapon's equivilents, some completely unique to energy weapons. The energy weapons, other than visuallly and sonically, aren't that different to the ballistic weapons, but still sport their own advantages and disadvantages, adding more ways to play the game. As for weapons all together, shotguns are horribly overshadowed by the SMGs, and snipers, with their slow scope times and often gimmiky firing effects, leave them much less effective than the long-range assault rifles this time around. However with a few attachments snipers can often be succesful with good aim, but shotguns just stand no chance to the SMGs, the CQB SMGs simply do more damage more of the time than the Shotguns. Funnily enough, the debatably best shotgun, the Reaver, is the first Shotgun avalible to you. The jetpacking is smooth and feels nice but it's more restrictive than in Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3, likely to stop people from usig stealth perks and jetpacking to unsportsmanlike camping positions, which i feel is fair. Rigs, the equivilant of specialists from Black Ops 3, are no longer individual character, but are rather suits of armor with their own sets of abilities. Rigs no longer have just 2 payloads, they have 3 payloads to choose from and 3 passive abiltiies (abiltieis that you spawn with) to choose from, offering great variation. Maps are your basic CQB call of duty maps with large areas and corridors splashed in there, think black ops 2 but less camping possibilities. Now, the elephant in the room, supply drops and variants. All guns have a set of variants which give the gun its own set of abilities to help you hit harder, or run faster, or make you more stable, etc, basically 1-2 free attachments varying on how rare the varient is. The problem is that you mainly get these from supply drops, which are opened by keys which are earned by playing. However, you can also open them by paying real money, so you can pay for a very powerful version of an already good gun. The drops are random but if rare supply drops are bought there is a good chance of getting a good variant, so that is quite lame. But still, if you can earn them, it's not that big a deal.As for zombies, well it's not not really my thing so i won't go on about it. I don't want to give anything away but this version of zombies is funny,radical, interesting, and implements the best from the old and the best from the new. Solid overall, i'll probably get the DLC.Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is a good game overall. While not for everyone with it's fast paced, jetpack/wallrunning focused movement as well as the staple low health pool of the player in multiplayer, it is a fine addition of the Call of Duty series. If you liked Black Ops 3/Advanced Warfare's mechanics, you'll love Infinite Warfare, as it draws from both games in the best ways possible. Singleplayer is intrigueing and fun as well, with plenty of cliches but also plenty of action. Supply Drops and variants leave a nasty aftertaste in my mouth, but the bite itself is ever so sweet. 8/10
i boght the game for the singleplayer;and i got what I wanted .the campaign is amazing and i liked it very much.the multyplayer ? nahh...to me it look pretty much the same as the previus games  [and yea ,i got them all]
OK.I honestly really liked IW. Campaign is one of the best in years for the CoD series, and Zombies is great! (I almost prefer IW zombies over treyarch now) And it runs amazingly and is very well optimized.The multiplayer is fun at stages, but very similar to Black Ops 3. IW actively supports the playerbase too, such as adding new FREE maps and such, but they don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about PC players.Why?Well, They have no Anticheat (The game isn't overrun with hackers like most reviews say, you'll encounter one like every 20-30 matches).They also are keeping a ton of game modes from us that they can put in PC, as they're already on mosh pit, (Search and Destroy, Kill Confirmed, etc.) but nobody plays mosh pit so idk.The playerbase is dead too. The only modes you're going to find people on is Team Deathmatch and Hardpoint, so no gun game or anything for you unless you get a bunch of friends to go online.Also, they haven't added CoD points or anything, but that's probalby a good thing for most people.One thing I wanted to address too, they actually have dedicated servers on this one and that's very rare for a CoD PC port. No server list like World at War though.So, is the game worth it?I say yes!!! BUT only at a sale price. It's gone down to $40 a couple of times, and I've even seen it go down to $20 and $30 on newegg and amazon. Definitely pick it up at that pricetag if you're curious about it. If you're only going to be playing multiplayer though, I'd say wait for it to drop to $20 or $30.What's better though, is to get the Digital Deluxe edition. Comes with IW, MWR, and the season pass and it regularly drops to $80. That's going to be your best price if you want to put the time into playing it. Sadly, I bought it standalone and I have to pay another $60-$80 to play MWR because Activision's business scheme is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Excited to see what comes from the DLCs though.Overall...The entire game is a 8/10 for me.Campaign: 9/10Zombies: 10/10Multiplayer: 6.5/10Thanks, and don't ♥♥♥♥ing hate me for giving this a good review lol.
Finaly i completed game after almost 1 month after release and what can i say Infinite Warfare Campaing is Great but Multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean dont even play it its not Call of Duty anymore after Ghosts Multiplayer is trash ok lets talk about Campaing, story is very good not impresive but good, you play as Captain of Space Ship Nick Reyes its very good done how you enter Plane, on base many people walk around doing their job you can watch news and listen what thinks your crew about Mission. graphics i cant say anything because i played on medium settings, main villain is very weak done developers they talked too much about John Snow and he's like fish movement and dog Riley from Ghosts only 10 minutes or less, also i liked relationship between Reyes and Salter. Ethan was cool Space battles was cool but weapons were♥♥♥♥♥♥because its future i liked only few guns nv4 copy of m4a1 and Wolk copy of ak47 , and i want to say about Modern Warfare Remastered its impresive and gorgeus even better then original it is rare that the remaster better than the original best remaster ever to this day new models for characters new graphics weapon sounds and even they added training on first mission soldiers runing around they added many details epic moments looks more epic now finaly playing character have body and legs MW remaster is better then COD IW nuke scene its great they even added in mission One Shot,One Kill Makarov and Yuri and achievment after killing Makarov Mutiplayer is same good like in original finaly they deleted deticated servers its whats killed cod4 multiplayer almost all servers are modded and 60 players or 50 players playing on maps which is created for 12 people and its massacre it was my opinion buy if you like Cod
At first I would have said to not buy. I even tried to get a refund and was turned down. I decided to get my moneys worth from the game and started playing more often, now my opinion has changed. I find the game actually pretty fun, more so than blops3 (which is a good game on it's own). I like the zombie map, it turned out to be more fun than expected.The Multiplayer is fast which took a bit of getting used to. The hackers suck. Yes there are many, but they havent turned me away yet! I just finish the match and find another lobby.All in all I would give it an honest 6/10. Dedicated servers would have brought my score up.
memes are the dreams10/10 memegn
Great Singleplayer and zombie mode.
Overall enjoyable single player campaign, but it has some pretty questionable moments. It feels like it doesn't try too hard. But there are definitely some awe-inspiring scenes, and the design of the weapons, ships and robots is outstanding. The campaign progression is similar to newer COD games, but I get the feeling they wanted to borrow something from the Mass Effect series. You can choose the missions you want to do, side missions or main campaign as commander of the ship, interact with people or objects, but there are so little options they shouldn't have bothered.I haven't touched the multiplayer since I'm not interested in it, but the Zombies mode seems cool after messing with it a bit.
The breeze of fresh air the COD brand needed! Awesome gameplay, including lots of dogfighting, side missions, a real proactive and talkative protagonist, battles on a local and epic scale, gorgeous environments... This is the beginning of a new glorious era for COD.
Campaign & Zombies are great :)
Amazing Campaign, amazing they've really improved every updates including the multiplayer. thumbs up! IW!
I dont know if am crazy or what, but i actually like this game verry much... its new wave of FPS :D and its fun..So premium movement and so elegance with style... hit marker one of the best on the marketGreat weapon balance.. the concept of everything is beautiful and really nicefrom guns to combat rigs, fight and movement speed is perfect...  I prefer fast peace FPS if you more tactical fps guy, than play R6s, Arma or old Cod...
If youre a COD fan you will like this game. Dont listen to the bad reviews. I dont really understand others why they hate this game. This game aint for campers and slow hands. I absolutely love the game! Campaign is good and multiplayer is addictive!
winwar has better servers then this game game is still fun
First of all I'd like to say that I am a die hard battlefield fan.  Ive played and loved every bf title.  I only play cod for the single player because it is my opinion that bf multiplayer is a lot more fun.  So I havent played multiplayer or zombies but I think that the single player campaign is excellent.  Imo one of the better campaigns of the series.  I hope this helps some folks wondering if the single player is any good.  Obviously this is merely my opinion but if I had to rate the campaign I'd give it an 8.5/10.  Again, Im only rating the single player.  The game definitely doesnt deserve a zero or a 10 by any means but if you're looking for a solid single player experience I say go for it!
i realy don't care about the online but for damn sure the campaign is incredible don't think just buy it i know it's not like the old cods but for real it deserve every cent
Like previous Call of Duty titles. Only, in space this time. Script and storytelling hits new lows. Would win hands-down if award for "Worst-Written Antagonist of All Time" was being handed out. Strongly suspect that the people who make these games are starting to resent having to churn these things out regularly, and it's starting to show in the product.Space combat, while initially looking promising, is basically an extraordinarily simple arcade subgame that doesn't reach anywhere near the potential of the genre. Most dogfights occur with autopilot doing all of the fancy stuff, with your role reduced to holding down the left-mouse button at key points to score a kill, and occasionally steering the mouse a little or hitting a countermeasures button in response to a massive on-screen prompt.Multiplayer extraordinarily shallow. Spectated an incredibly obvious aim-botter in my second-and-final-ever match. Also strongly suspect that network code is somewhat subpar compared to other games. Avoid like the plague.On the positive side, everything is very pretty, there are many explosions, and the game is very short. Would happily recommend as a diversion between bigger games. (Just stay away from the multiplayer modes.)
Now that the hate train is over this game is actualy pretty good
Great Singelplayer! Love it!
Ok, ok. I understand that this game gets alot of hate. But I am going to say this now,The multiplayer is not the best, but when you play more, you start  to get into it, and the movement system and the feel of the gun in your hand actually feels very nice and smooth. One thing however is that the animations of the gun and such, are not very fluid and feel VERY clunky. Overall, this game does not really get the hate it gets. It is a fun and unique concept of the CoD franchise. I am NOT a fan of the zombies, however. I could make a huge list of issues and flaws with it, it would just go on and on. It just doesn't make sense and gets boring VERY quickly.  So go on, 7.4/10.
so so good
good game
Best game ever... thats all i can say! <3
Only negative thing i can say about this game is. Akimbos
Yeah its actually better then i thought it was going to be- i give it 7/10
Much like the Overall Reviews, I'm mixed about this game. I really enjoyed the campaign, for a change, and the Specialist difficulty was a lot of fun to do. The YOLO difficulty is next on my list. The Zombie game mode, again for a change, was actually fun. I haven't liked a Zombie game mode in Call of Duty since it first came out for World at War on the 360 (A long time ago)...Now the multiplayer:I have been fortunate enough to not come across any hackers yet, and I've played a few games. Hackers are not as common as people make it out to be. This is honestly a step up from BO 3. The gameplay is much smoother and much easier to play. I think my favorite part about the muliplayer is that they added classic guns, like the M1 garand.As for the overall functionality of the game, it runs fine. The only problem that I came across was that the campaign would not start due to AVG stuff, so I removed AVG and got a REAL antivirus program. Other than that the game is good.I'm gonna recommend it because I enjoyed the campaign a lot, except for the floating around and shooting people (I hate that). I would advise anyone who wants the bundle, however, to get it on a deep sale. Not worth paying $80 for an alright game and a remastered classic. Just isn't.
There's asome right and a lot wrong with IW. The campaign is fantastic. With the exception of Kit Harrington (seriously, did he even try?) the cast is well rounded and has great chemistry. The secondary missions are a refreshing change of pace, and help extend the (really short) storyline missions. The storyline has a few holes, but unless you're really looking for every problem, suspension of disbelief can be maintained. The real problem is when you start paying attention. Every mission completed is completed on the same day as the others. Meaning you can dunk on the entire SDF fleet with the secondaries and clear the story missions and it will only count as a day ingame. I know, I have a spaceship with warp capability. But the idea that both the entire SATO and SDF fleets get wiped out within the same day is just silly. Regardless, the characters are what really keep the story going. I could write a paragraph about each one (with the exception of Salter, the biggest waste of potential in the game) but I've already made the point. They're relatable, they're funny, and they seem genuinely human (robot jokes). In all, I would rank this as one of the better CoD campaigns, and it's a shame that the backlash from the reveal is going to keep people from playing it. I already touched on the secondary missions but I really want to give IW kudos for trying something new with the Jackal missions. For the most part, they work well. There are a couple of segments where it seems that the jackals were shoehorned in and one secondary mission in particular where maintaining flight control is exceedingly difficult. That said, the jackal secondaries were pretty fun and a nice break from the constant groundpounding in the game.The last highlight that this game has is the weapon design. Aesthetically they're pretty much reskinned present-day guns (P90 with a meat tenderizer taped to the front, FMG9 that turns into akimbo, M1 Garand assault/sniper rifle, actual AK47 with a muffler on the front) but mechanically they have their own unique quirks. I replayed a few missions because I wanted to try different weapon combinations and was surprised at the level of replayability from this factor alone.What's wrong... pretty much everything else. The multiplayer isn't anything to write home about and the zombies are equally "meh", held afloat by the inclusion of David Hasselhof. The progression system in MP is just plain awful. Compounded with the apparent lack of anticheat and MP is generally unplayable. I can only  recommend IW if it's on sale and you're getting it for the campaign. If you're getting it for zombies or multiplayer, you can pass on this one and buy Titanfall 2.
I like to play single player campaigns whenever I play new gamesI first saw the reviews and I must say I have to disagree with the majorityMy personal opinion: I like this game. Absolutely loved it.Cutscenes, graphics, new gadgets and gameplay was a welcome new change for me.I enjoyed playing most of MW series, and like most people, MW1 and MW2 are my favorite.Still, I say I enjoyed playing IW because they are always trying something new.It means that they are working hard to give the gamers new experience.While I was playing IW, I really wanted to appreciate the developers for what they did.It's not a cheap rip-off of a franchise. This game deserves better.About the length of the story and pricing: Not long enough? Maybe.If you compare it with open worlds and RPGs, it's very short.Perhaps it is a little overpriced, but I think it's reasonable.All the new features were well integrated with the game itself,and the whole experience leads to immersive gameplay and satisfaction.To be fair, I bought it during Black Friday sales so. I'm happy with it.And yeah the multiplayer mode. I hold my comment on that.First, because I am not very good at it. Second, I don't play it.Verdict: I'd give 8/10 overall for bringing a whole new experience to CoD franchise.
Great game! Lovin' it!
Great singleplayer campaign! Just outstanding!
Einfach nuhr ne geile spiel maps waffen einfach nuhr geil ich liebe dieses spiel
So COD: IW was good game finally got around to finishing it. The side missions were fun to play along with anything space fighter related. Game started out really strong the effects, acting and story good stuff. However near the end it took a dip in quality, ending felt rushed and I found the audio logs during the ending credits better then the entire last mission. Anyway solid game despite some shortcomings, best COD in awhile.This review is just based off Singleplayer I did not bother to touch MP or Zombies (well i tried just got tired of waiting for players as games never loaded)As for COD MW Remastered, that in itself makes this all the more worthwhile, the updates bring new life to the old game.
Can someone tell me how I switch from controller to keyboardWanted to play zombies with controller but now I want to play multiplayer with keyboard but is not working
the zombies is fun
This game is getting ay more hate than it deserves, the multiplayer does seem a little copy and pasted but the zombies is enjoyable and yes it is a little ludicrous but its zombies so im not too bothered by that. The campaign is very enjoyable and well worth playing, at first i was apprhensive but didnt want to pass judgement until playing it adn having played it i definatley would say its worth playing.
First thing i want to say is, that the Zombies in this game is great!!!But for the rest of the game is bad, the multiplayer is dead, there is not many players to play with...i would not recommend the game if you want to play multiplayer or singleplayer..... BUT if you like zombies I WOULD BUY IT
Incredible single player with a great story and very likeable characters, probably the best campaign since the Modern Warfare series. The zombies is pretty decent as well.Not played very much multiplayer but the multiplayer that I played was fun and very fast paced.
everythings was fine , only zombie multiplayer have big problem !!!
great game some small fixes are in order but its more then playable as long as you can handle some bugs that needed to be worked out such as any new game does, but activision please get a vac on the game soon
the campain missions are very nice it looks like starcraft but there is some thing it is missing,the point on the I.multyplayer: i dont like the jump and slide boost so its not that i play multyplayer alot.zombies: very nice i like it but the extinction is better.the zombie modes is good but alot of player are using cheats and stil there are to much problemes in the game that need to be fixed.
in its core this is a great call of duty game, the story may be one of the best ones yet. 9.5/10
Pretty good game
Multiplayer is dead, unless you're OK with TDM with the same group of people. Game runs great on my GTX 980 on high-ultra settings (80-120FPS). Same old CoD, very similar to BO3. Single Player is one of favorite of the Call of Duty series, but the much hyped space dogfighting craft sections are a little underwhelming. Invading ememy frigates and capital ships is really cool. Zombies is still fun. Albeit I've never been that determined as other people regarding finding all the items needed to do something, and find easter eggs? Mini games in the arcade puts a nice twist in zombies.Update 11/21/2018I want to update this review, and I want to say IW is one of the most underrated CoD games. It has a griping sci fi story centered on heroism, and the game looks beautiful. Multiplayer was weaker, but nontheless tight and fast paced. I say the campaign alone won me over. If you see this game for cheap, atleast play the campaign.
i would recommend this game on the basis of the story line. out of most of the call of duty games i played this had the best story so far and i was a huge fan of cod 2/cod4. i'd say wait for it to hit a sale to pick it up i dont think the story is going to let you down. its been a long time since i actually felt attatched to characters in a game and i think despite the multiplayer and the negative reviews they really did well with it.
One of the best call of duty, but it has too much hate because of idiots.
great story for once and good zombies game
Campaign is well worthy. Zombies and Multiplayer is non existant on PC.
Zombies is fun. Spawn die in Multiplayer.
the game it's self is ok, but the zombies is on point. (also MWR)
Same old game every year, same old bad community, and not even mwr is worth it. You are better off going and buying titanfall 2 or battlefield 1 or CSGO. This is one game I wish I could get my money back. This is the last COD game I am buying. #ripcod How ever the zombie mode is pretty good. I still think this game is better then WW2.
Great, engaging campain with heavy level of immersion, nice cast of characters and fast, satisfying action. Side missions are quick and fun as hell and also well written. What else can I say? I don't regret a penny! Unfortunatelly I can't say the same thing about multiplayer simply because I never cared for it anyway :P
cheaters paradise
I liked this game
Cool game there is a problem with the plot but really fun to play Abmultiplyr This is one of the parts and comfortable keyboard and mouse is very easy once you get used to burn several hours a day
This is a game that even before it came out people had mixed feelings about so it's no surprise that on Steam the user reviews are mixed with just over 50% of people recommending the game.I, seeing the trailers and whatnot, thought it would be awesome as it is a space shooter and as I love si-fi I preordered the Digital Deluxe Edition. This is normally something I would not do but in this case I think it was money well spent.What I aim to do is look at the three game modes (campaign, multiplayer, and zombies) and note what I did and did not like.The single-player experience is fun gameplay-wise. I remember something they said about this game before it came out was that it be reminiscent of classic COD gameplay. And I think that it is. It does remind me of WAW or MW (more so MW) a bit in terms of how the combat plays and how levels are laid out. I will grant however; the game is a little bit (just a little) too cutsence-y for me. Also, and this may be a personal thing, but I was disappointed by the fact that you don't get to drive anything or be a passenger in a cool vehicle like you did in previous games. There was one part that lasted all of 15 seconds where you were a passenger but that was it.The story was good and had some touching moments, except that it was focused around how unbeatable the SDF was but in gameplay you always beat them hands down and they never felt like a threat when you fought them and that made the story seem a little bit silly.There were some cool levels - namely Port Armor which had the civilian terminal area that had super cool futurist design. Also in the level, windows you could shoot out to temporarily depressurize the area made good use of the space theme. Unfortunately, still like that was far and few throughout the game.Not much to say here: pretty similar to the multiplayer of past games so if you like COD multiplayer you'll probably like this. That said, there's not always a lot of players, which Infinity Ward/Activision can't really be blamed for though. They can however, be blamed for the fact that you can only play with Steam players and there is no cross-platform multiplayer at all. Also there is apparently no anti-cheats which, being true, would be pretty poor.I knew it would not be in the game before it came out but also disappointing is the lack of local multiplayer. Just because it's on a computer does not mean some of us would not like to play locally.It is worth mentioning that the maps are really pretty for what that's worth.I've only been able to play this by myself as of yet (lack of local zombies is also disappointing if that didn't go without saying) but it is, again, similar to what was in previous games. Obviously, they added new stuff but it's largely similar. All I can really say is I do enjoy it more or less and the map is cool enough, if way too big for my tastes. It's probably not my favorite iteration but it's neat and I'm sure the coming maps will be pretty cool to play around on.Overall, I would recommend this game if you like shooters and si-fi.
Its not as bad as everyone says ...
ok.
Fantastic campaign with memorable characters, absoluetely stunning graphics that will make you feel like you're in a holywood film and of course zombies!
great game
Caner
I Think this game is pretty good but if your expecting something different from the normal COD play then maybe look to Battlefield. Worth getting the deluxe edition just for Modern Warefare Remaster, the best FPS IMHO.
It's good, CoD is always good. It may not be the CoD we wanted, but it is NOT a bad game in any way.Optimization - GreatGraphics - AmazingGameplay - Solid AFCommunity -♥♥♥♥♥♥br>If you like super fast paced FPS games with jetpacks and cool weapons, buy this game.If not, just wait for CoD WWII.
Another call of duty with very similar movment to black ops 3 yet with a blend a ghost feel. Not as bad as everyone makes it out, just take it casual and have fun with it. With a few more optimazation though I'd feel it be a more solid game on PC.
Yes, it's not the Call of Duty we grew up with. But that doesn't make it a bad game. It has an engaging story, interesting game mechanics and I think it pulls off the futuristic sci-fi kind of vibe.I wouldn't recommend it to everyone, but for those who like fps games and sci-fi games then it isn't a bad choice.7/10
The multiplayer is terrible, I don't even care to try out the campaign, but the zombies is pretty damn great, it's literally the only reason I bought it, and I'm looking forward to future zombies content, besides that I don't care.
So far the single player is good, if you don't like scifi go buy battlefield one, of course. I dont know what everyone is moaning about, yet to play multiplayer but based on what I've seen so far it's a thumbs up. Petty people just like a good moan. I can't complain as got the game over on CD Keys for £18.49, not that I would be complaining if I'd paid more!
Serious review, better than black ops 3. This is the first COD game I have enjoyed playing since black ops 2. The boost jumping feels good and isn't ridiculously overpowered. The hit reg is on point. Haven't had any hackers yet. If you enjoy fast paced shooters then I would recommend playing it.
good as mate
The campaign is exciting with a good story, ending really got me, nobody is playing the multiplayer because of no anti cheat system, RIP.
Great campaign (also very long, so you get your money's worth if you are buying this just for single player)Zombies is also awesome, multiplayer could be good if people played it though.Don't buy this game for multiplayer because it's very hard to find a game as not much play it. I honestly genuinely think the campaign was worth the money though, and that is probably a first for CoD. The campaign is very long.
My thoughts on the franchise, Infinite Warfare Single player:ProsStunning graphicsSolid mechanicsSimple linear gameplay, e.g. "do this," "do that," "press that button"ConsNothing newToo linear, e.g. "do this," "do that," "press that button"Really dont care about the story or characters, no drive to complete it.MultiplayerWell, I have played it for shuch a short time. Too much bunny hopping of walls, around corners, etc. for me to even stand a chance of enjoying my self. My games kind of go like this a) spawn b) die c) repeat a and b..... forever with a sprinkling of "ooh I got someone" randomly inserted. I find this quite sad given I have spend hundreds of hours on Modern Warfare 1, 2 and 3. Peer to Peer system doesnt quite cut it anymore.As a plus side, the remastered version of Modern Warfare is great and to be honest its why I got Infinite Warfare.In summary, ok game just nothing special any more. Good for passing time.10/10 for developer effort, 5/10 for single player and 2/10 for multiplayer. Sorry  guys but my personal opinion is your school report would say "average, but must try harder"
Everyone that like fast paste shooter will like the game
To all the haters out there, if you hate the game, just don't play it!! stop looking for attention and saying crap about the game, its not fair for the creators of the game who take away their time with their families to make these games for you!! seriously, if you hate the game, KEEP IT TO YOURSELF!!
Great game if you want to throw over $100 bucks on a game and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a lvl 9 scrub who is going to hump your mother and hack the game to feel he is good at a game.surely with the millions of dollars they get they could get a decent anti hack.......If you need to hack in Cod you  truely are the worse gamer of all times, anybody can jump and get hip fire kills.But yer the pros to this game............ um........um...........still trying to think of one.......oh thats right to pro of this game someone half your age could be your dad.Well worth the $100+ dollars great spend thanks for a shi.. I mean great game
Great for new people. Zombies is great. For the people that played since the classics, I wouldn't reccommend. You would feel as if the games ruined. In my case I love the new weapons, but I disagree with building upgrades to the weapons.
Not a bad game, but there is NO GAMES most of the time, spend an hour searching for a game and get the same people everytime its like thers only 10 people in aus searching for games
Quien fue el idiota que dijo:"Eh!, que te parece si lanzamos el juego sin VAC? A Que seria mucho mejor no?-Developer Infinity Ward Mas tonto del mundo
Seems eh honestly. lol
Infinite warfare's multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ absalute♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the campaing in well beyond what i expected and modern warfare is great. i klnow what your thinking. what your all thinking. that we should be able to get MWR seperatly to IW but we cant. so keep complaning but just buy the game anyway. it is worth it.
Better than Advanced warfare, but we know 1/2 the purchases were for the remaster ;)
You know what? This game isn't actually that bad. In fact, I'm finding it more enjoyable than Black Ops 3 (I've always been more on Tryearch's side of the CoD games.)While I've not played the multiplayer online yet (and probably never will), the campaign's first 2 levels are great fun (I'm only as far as unlocking loadouts as of writing), and Zombies in Spaceland, the main reason for me even wanting to give this game a shot, is absolutely fantastic, with how much stuff there is to do without the overreliance on easter eggs and the 80s theme, along with the huge amounts of customisation for the mode, it's managed to overtake Origins as my favourite Zombies map.Oh, and as far as the optimisation goes, I'm on somewhat medium settings, and I stay at a solid 60 FPS as long as they're isn't an overabundance of fire in the map.
I like the style of the game, but if you didn't like Advanced Warfare you probably won't like this one. I only play multiplayer and enjoy it, but the game was released with a number of glaring issues (lack of anti-cheat, poor lobby system) that have gotten a little bit better since then. It seems like they shipped this game out before the game was ready to be released, which is dissapointing. The game lacks a few features that have been present in previous COD games, which is a little annoying as well.I have a very mixed opinion of this game, it can be fun, but it has its issues.
Honestly, this game is refreshing. I know I will have a very unpopular opinion, but oh well. So the campaign is arguably the best campaign in the CoD franchise since the WWII games. The gameplay is really good, fluid, and fun. I can say that infinity ward has finally made up for putting out that horrible series known as Modern Warfare. That series had the campign of 9 year old writing a Michael Bay movie: Terrible. Not to mention that series brought in the swag ♥♥♥♥ and all horrible community. 10/10 would go to space again.
Well... I really liked this. I didnt think i could like COD anymore but iths was really good.
Needs allot of optimisation and dedicated servers. Otherwise the game is decent.
The thing i do not understand is why people who enjoy the call of duty games dislike this game. its a fun shooter that you can pick up play and still have fun! and im okay with the advanced movement. you can get the sneak attack from your enemys from above or shock them whith a nasty slide. the zombies is a fun suvival mode with tons of features to be looked at which will bring you back for another game everytime! ive never played much of the campain but the first mission but still looks very interesting. defentaly a game worth picking up if you want have a blast with your friends.
All i can say is campaign is so far excellent, glad i picked up retail for £15 as the multiplayer is a joke.nuff said . my recommend is for campaign Only.
If you took the best Mass Effect game and and added the best COD you ever played. This would be the result.It's completely immersive..........Seriously. Own it.
The main reason I purchased this game was for MW Remastered.Infinate Warfare multiplayer is very fast paced with strange and hard to get used to movement. Campaign is quite immersive and enjoyabe.
At 40 bucks I think the game is a great 6-8 hours mission.  I gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about all of the people, the ending was well done and the voice acting was spot on.  Just for the single player I would say get it.  As for the multiplayer, maybe get CS:GO.  It feels like they already abandoned the game.  Cheating is running rambid and no one seems to be doing anything about from what i can see.  That being said, 5 bucks an hour for a great story that doesn't drag on for  100's of hourse seems like a good price.
i love this game.so far its the favorite call of duty game.killzone basically.
k
Thank you for this fantastic Sci-Fi campaign experience. The combination of briefing, going to the ship, launching, having a dogfight, fighting on a battleship in a space suite, entering the battleship, fighting throug the battleship just to leave it later on again in a ship - incredible, never saw something like this before. Loved the guest stars I know from Sci-Fi series like Babylon 5 or Farscape. Just wonderful.
8/10 for Single Player.I really love the Single Player campaign... even reminds me of those great campaigns of Wing Commander III/ IV back in the old days...I presume much of the bad reviews have to do with the multiplayer... I don't play multiplayer so I can't judge that.
I'm a simple man. I see a new CoD, I buy it.
I really just don't get the hate for this game.I thought the campaign was absolutely amazing. The gun's felt useful - every single item you had one you was useful and was needed. The story had me a nervous wreck by the end. If anything buy it just for the amazing campaign on saleMultilplayerI am yet to play much of the multiplayer, however from what little I have seen I can say that is defiantley some of the most balanced gun fights COD has seen in a long time. The weapons feel just as solid as the campagin ones, the class creation is top notch and everything just seems so right. ZombiesWhat more can I say? The zombies will be a refreshing return for any fans of Treyarches gamemode.Modern Warfare RemasteredIf you are still against buying Infinite Warfare for itself- buy an exqusitely remastered edition that is well optimized and plays just like the orginal, if not slightly better.ConclusionThis game was great and defiantley a title I will be returning to. I feel like most of the hate directed against it during the run up to the launch date simply boiled over and blinded people from actually trying to enjoy this great game (I too was one of those people who expected it to be a wee bit♥♥♥♥♥♥ but It was on sale and I coud't help myself.)8.5/10 A great game and one of the freshest Call of Duty expeirnces since the original Black Ops.
Lot better then aw
Great game
i had no plans to buy this game, but because it was on sale i thaught a should get it, i love the zombies in space, its really good, and the multiplayer is good too but i have only played one game of it so i cant say to much about it, and iv not payed the campain yet so i will update when i play campain and more of multiplayer. overall 8/10
Campaign is fantastic. Good optimisation, looks beautiful and has an interesting gameplay. Its fun to play to say the least.
It's ok. Modern Warfare Remastered is superior in every way and zombies is actually somewhat decent.
.
Great story line to the game, Made me want more all the way through.Well worth playing just for the story alone
double the future, double the fun?Isn`t it great? Only double the price.
my game keeps saying it stops working and when i click te little x on the close program it closes the game down and when i go get to play it the game only works for a bit then closes out on me and some times the game has a grey screen and i hae to turn off bullet impact then turn it back on to see proprly why is this doing this on here this is a great laptop and nothing wrong with it
It is awesome!
Zombies are the best in this game <3
The SP is ASUM ,MP well though community is small in PC it has to be improved in terms of matchmaking !

People may think this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game,but no.I mean multiplayer sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥but campaign is amazing.R.I.P. BF1
This review starts and ends with one question: are you buying it for the multiplayer?If yes, don't. This game's community is a cesspool. I played one game and encountered children screaming into their microphones, teenagers yelling racial slurs, and people who did not understand what push to talk was (but that really needed it). The multiplayer in this game is categorically inferior to black ops 3, and makes no notable improvements to the call of duty formula. If you're itching for multiplayer, go buy black ops 3 - it's got mod support, anti-cheat and runs better than this game. It's just better in virtually every way.With that aside, the singleplayer and zombies modes in this game are suprisingly good. The campaign is not as good as titanfall 2, but certainly one of the top 3-4 call of duty campaigns I have ever played (and I've played since Call of Duty 2). Actually decent writing and acting makes this a geniunely enjoyable and (if somewhat stiff) emotional campaign.If you want the campaign a LOT, I'd advise you get it on sale for between 40-50USD. If you're also looking to try the zombies mode (which I've heard to be great) with friends, I'd say you could get this game for full price.Overall, it's actually one of the better call of duty games to come out recently. The campaign is full of interesting gameplay and (for once) likable characters. The multiplayer is regretfully flaming hot garbage with a space reskin. The zombies is interesting and fun, if short in content (with only one map). Only get it if you don't mind missing out on this COD's multiplayer gameplay entirely.Performance wise (for those of you who remember ghosts) this game runs quite well. I have a 4770 and a GTX 970 though, so that's to be expected. The game had stuttering problems in cinematics with the audio cutting out and crackling, but these were solved by running it in borderless window. The options menu is well fleshed out with a maximum of 120 FOV and over 4 different AA options, but in general I feel the optimisation is somewhat inferior to black ops 3- adequate, but not impressive. Stay away if you have a slow hard drive that tends to cause frame hitching or stuttering in other games. For those with boot SSDs or who just download all their games to a large SSD, you shouldn't have anything to fear to long as you have something better than say a GTX1050/950 (unfortunately, I have no idea how well this game runs on AMD systems so team red users will have to do their own digging for performance info).
Das Spiel ist besser als ich gedacht habe und macht mega Spass. Aufjedenfall lohnenswert zu kaufen.
Das Spiel ist besser als ich gedacht habe und macht mega Spass. Aufjedenfall lohnenswert zu kaufen.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare received a lot of negative feedback ever since the first trailer, which made me sceptical about buying it. In the end, as any die hard Call of Duty fan would do, I pre-ordered it anyway.I have now spent over 70 hours on this game's Singleplayer and Multiplayer and I can safely say that I am very pleased with the game.The Singleplayer has a great storyline and it is overall just really fun to play. The ending was amazing and off the beaten path compared to the endings in all the previous titles which just made it that much greater.The Multiplayer has been nothing but a smooth experience. For once the Multiplayer in a Call of Duty game is working smoothly if you have good internet and a good setup to run the game. There are no hitmarker issues and the balancing is a lot better than the last few entries. The movement system has also been refined for the better. The only Multiplayer issue I have found is that sometimes lobbies can take a while to start, however that is not enough to fault the game.Infinity Ward has done a good job here by trying to learn from the mistakes made by Treyarch in Black Ops 3. I am pleased :)
Playing this as a single player game only. IT WAS AMAZING. Easily the best call of duty singleplay I have played with the combined feeling of Halo, Mass Effect, and Battlefield 2142 all with Call of Duties solid gameplay. While I have a few complaints on the finner points of the plot my only real complaint was that it felt far too short for the kind of rpg systems they put in place around the missions. I got the game on sale, and with that in mind I have no regrets for buying the game for the single player.
Like a constant silver match
Im saying go for it but not for retail cost. If you can find it cheaper on sale or on a steam key site then thats the best option. I personally think the game is better then Bo3. Weapons feel better and sound better too. Maps is where it isn't as great, there's a few good ones but maps like Grounded you might as well quit of the lobby (it's really bad) Variants opposite to what some people will say really aren't that pay to win, there's a few that are OP and should be nerfed but won't be sadly but with the default version of a gun you can easily win a gunfight against any variant, it's a matter of gunskill really. The games anti cheat is crap, utter crap, but if you can record a cheater and post it on the IWcheats reddit the chances of them getting banned are very high. The games campaign is fantastic, one  of the best campaigns i've played to be honest, if there was an option to just purchase the campaign i'd say 100% buy it. I haven't really played zombies much but it's very different from Treyarchs, much more arcade style but still fun. Game optimization is meh on PC, there are some problems but if you have hardwere above the min requirements you'll run the game fine, (warning for Nvidia users, latest drivers at the time of this review make the game run awful)Movement is much more fluid then Bo3's in my opinion also.The game is much more futuristic then any other futuristic cod made before it, theres energy weapons, you're in space, but if setting doesn't really matter to you the game is very fun. depending on how much you pay for it it might not be worth it, you have to ask your self what am i gonna play? just MP? or MP, campaign and zombies? depending on your answer to that you have to consider whats a good amount to spend on the game. Becuase honestly, retail for just MP with an average of 1200-1400 players, isn't worth it.
I don't play regular multiplayer, so I won't comment on that, but I can say the single player campaign and Zombies in Spaceland modes are amazing.
amazing campaign
The game is awesome ppl, give it a try!!
I didn't expect this years Call of Duty to be better than last years BO3 that was filled with bug on PC. I was wrong. Infinite Warfare is actually a good game. It has less flying than BO3 but still contains it, you can understand the story and makes you want to fight the enemy. Multiplayer is a mix between MW3 and BO3 which is really good.  CoD being Sci-Fi isn't that bad as people make it out to be.
NICE GAME
One of the best CoD games since Mw2, i love this and this game made me get feels at the last mission. keep up the good work Activision. Soldier Out.
Excellent game! There are some glitches that i'm sure the devs will fix, but the storyline, weapons, and new features are all awesome!
loved the Singleplayer of this game, after a long break from fps games i really enjoyed it.had to disable sli on my 1080 to triple my framerate : / but hey, 125 fps constant at 1440p <3Thanks Infinity Ward
Really good game if you dont want the multiplayer. it kills it. if you want to just sit back and play some fun zombies or a good campaign its the game for you.
Some may think this runs bad on pc, but i have a gtx 980 ti and this game runs very smoothly on the ultra settings. I recommend getting this game because its really fun, and i hope you got some advice from this review
great game campeign is amazing not a huge fan of the multiplayer would defo recommendto anyone :)
its fun if u like lag xdxdxd
Zombies!!!
Good game
Pretty bad game if i do say so myself :}
Apparently I am one of the few persons on this planet who find that CoD is getting better and better.I really love the futuristic atmosphere of the newer CoD series!Everyone should jump off the hate bandwagon and try it out before hating on it!
the single player is GREATthe MP not so much, without any anticheat the game is infested with cheaters right now
The "Just Writing A Review To Get The Badge" Review
I'm going to be honest. This game is not as bad as many predicte, but it does have its flaws.Pros:+Campaign is one of the best CoD campaigns in recent years. In my opinion it is better than BO3, AW and Ghost's stories.+People always say that CoD is the same every year, but this jump to space sets it apart from other CoDs+Zombies in spaceland is extremely refreshing and can be quite challenging and therefore rewarding+In depth weapon customisation in zombies and multiplayerCons:-Multiplayer is pretty much the same as BO3 and feels repetitive-Mutiplayer has a lot of hacks/modsIn summary I would only recommend this game if it was on sale or if you only like the Campaign and Zombies modes.
Great campaign.Multiplayer is still decent, although the price is still a bit too high for its content.
One of best COD's I have ever  comparission with BO3 and AW this is 10 times better,because game is optimised a lot better.On MP/Zombies never had FPS drops,only once in SP when i came in space and when big explosion happened.Singleplayer:Good story,on some missions u can chose loud or stealth tactic.Multiplayer:A lot of game mods,a lot of weapons,also prestige rewards are cool,especially classic weapon M1 Garand and Intervantion 2000 sniper(from BO2)Zombies:I played zombies like 2-3 hours,but zombie mod is awesome,and most important better optimised than BO3 oneSummary:Still don't have Season Pass,but i can't wait to buy it :D 10/10 game :D i reccomend this game to all COD and non-COD fans :D
Awesome game. <3 d it
As of right now, you can get MWR and Infinite warfare for $60, and I think that's a great deal.  I might've not gotten it for 80, but $60 for basically 2 games is very good.  MWR feels and looks amazing, and while you can only get into TDM, S&D, FFA, and DOM lobbies, the experience is very good.  I basically just got this for the remastered, and getting infinite warfare was just an added bonus for me.
Campaign - 3/10Zombies   - 6/10Multiplayer - 4/10 (multi is complete cancer & almost as dead as the zombie servers R.I.P)HOWEVER... Modern Warfare Remastered is a work of art with the updated graphics & extras.. 10/10!!!
Simply put, BEST singleplayer experience from a COD game.  Master voice acting, incredible visuals, great story.If you play this for anything, make sure you play the story.As for multiplayer and zombies, I didn't touch em, I don't give a fig for them.
Awesome game. One of the best story in Call of Duty series. Good multiplayer and optimization level. Unreasonable hated.
This game is really cool. I haven't played the campaign yet, but in MP, there's barely any hackers (they need an anti-cheat tho) and they'res barely any annoying weapons in the game. I also thought that ZiS is pretty cool too. It's optimized too.I also got MWR with IW, and it's the laggiest game I've ever seen in my life. It was unoptimized, It'll lag spike so much that it's almost unplayable. I have a GTX 980TI and a i5 4690K and it lags like hell. If you're actually expecting to play this game I would wait until they optimize it.
The first COD game that I have played right through for over 6 years in single player.Pros: Great single player game very reminiscent of Wing Commander which made it great fun.Cons: Too bloody short! Single player can be completed in less than 9 hours with all side missions completed & viewing credits!Multi player match making is a joke, level 1 verses 40 or 50+! Oh come-on.  Certainly not worth the £40 asking price but if you can get it for at least half that price it’ll be worth it for the single player game, just!COD definitely needs a couple of years break.
Futuristic, so far so good
As expected :)
Solid game.
Having for the game working which is turning off AVG to be able to play which i personally think shouldn't be the case. After playing an hour into single player I can honestly say that I am enjoying the game and I would recommend it, the graphics are really nice and maxed out I am getting between 70fps to 120fps. I haven't played online yet but when I played the beta I didn't like it but I'm hoping I do. The game has potential if they fix the FPS drop and being able to play without disabling AVG.I can understand why people moan about the game being futuristic but that's how it will probably be in the future. If they just brought games out of the same era then people would still moan.I'm happy with the game now I've got it working and I initally thought I wouldn't be and I'm really impressed by the graphics.
I am a huge fan of Call of Duty zombies, I have been ever since the game mode first came out! This one offers a similar spin as to what Black Ops 2 expansions did, more exploration and progressive, rather than hold out and survive. Campaign is okay, nothing really gripping. Its a pretty linear and obvious story, nothing much to say about to in my opinion. The multiplayer is pretty much the same as it is in every game. They just tack on one more game mechanic at a time. This one I have noticed the skill gap makes a HUGE difference. There have always been kids that can get the end kill-streak no problem, but I am noticing more that most games go by with almost no one getting a 5 kill streak or higher, and if they do they are getting all thier killstreaks. Run-And-Gun-No-Think-Fun. If thats what you want, get it.
Most fun I've had since FEAR Combat days' Most people won't take the time to get there mouse settings right. Thats ok' FEED ME THOSE KILLS!!!9/10
Damn son
This is my first review because I feel like I need to say somerthing about my experiece in the multiplayer aspect of this game.  I was not going to buy this game due to some of the reviews that said that this game is pretty much like BO3 which I really did not like at all because of how the weapons and the movement felt.  I bought this game on sale becaue I was only interested in the MW4R and decided not to wait for stand alone because it might be months before they release it by itself. I decided to take a chance on this  and if I did not like it, I would return it.  After playing MW4R for quite a bit and loving it, I decided to install IW and I was getting myself ready to be disappointed.  But  I was pleasantly suprised that the multiplayer is a lot more fun and feels a lot better to me in every way than BO3 did.  The movement is a bit slower and more methodical and has weight to it and when you pick up guns they feel different from each other and they feel right when you shoot them.  There is power and weight to weapons that I did not feel with BO3.  Overall I am glad I bought this game as I will be playing MP in IW a lot more than I did BO3.  So if you are like me and did not care for B03, I would suggest you try it and you might be very suprised on how much better it is.  But if you liked B03 than this might go either way.
Another year, another call of duty. This one has a decent campaign and the same old multiplayer format with some slight variations.Specs: GTX 1080 FE, i7 4790k, 16GB RamPerformance wise, the game runs fine. It has an FPS lock at 90 in multiplayer which is mildly annoying but the 1080 keeps everything at 90 with no frame drops during gameplay at max settings. I'd like to see this FPS lock removed but I doubt we'll ever see something good like that from the CoD team.People seem to get a little angry anytime a new CoD comes out and immediately want to bash it as the worst game ever when in reality it's not a bad game. Granted, it's not the best thing ever and if the team would spend more time on one game rather than trying to ship one out every year the quality could be better, but overall it's not a terrible game. Don't expect a reimaging of the game industry like Half-Life when playing it.
a god cod game 7/10Dont play the multiplayer
Its actually not so bad when u try it
It's a good game, and by that I mean the single player and Zombies.. Multiplayer on the other hand is horrible!
wow i buy the legacy edition but it doesnt give me the game
Cool game :>
Non of this game feels like Call of Duty don't get me wrong the game is fun but i think it would've made more sense to market it as completly diffrent game and not part of the fanchiseThe zombies are fun,the campeign is great,the multi isn't that great bo3 had it better but the Call of Duty Remastered is fantastic too bad there aren't that many people playing it
Tis is se besd geim efer. ei lov id end aim twölf yirs olt.
good on zombie+multiplayer
I like the game honestly, I didn't think I would but I do. I actually had no interest in buying this until I saw how fast the multiplayer was... it reminds me of old school arena shooters like Quake and Unreal Tournament.... hell it even has the jetpack like a double jump.I personally have had no issues with the game, runs buttery smooth and its a ton of fun.
Well , i might would just say this: this game is a nice game if you like BO3, if you are a player who likes competitive so don't buy this game or play MWR if you are going to buy both of the games, anyway this game isn't in the best position with all of the hackers and so, but i hope they will update the game for a better content (even though there aren't many PC players atm) hope that this review helps :)
gg infinity ward
dont listen to all those people saying IW is bad, horrible and whatmore. its actually sooooo much fun. buy it and you wont regret it.
I like this game and its fun but i can`t use my controller so i hope Infinity Ward can fix that for me.
buy the digital legacy edition when it's on sale, then that way its a 2 for 1 deal.a stupid yet fun futuristic cod and a modern cod that everyone loves for about $60 or under
Bought the Digital Deluxe Edition, mainly for zombies mode and the upcoming maps. Multiplayer from my experience takes some getting use to.. Takes a while to get into a match in both zombies and multiplayer but I mainly play solo on zombies. Campaign is really fun from what I've played. I think this game is great if you're a zombies fan.
I really liked this game especially the campaign and the mechanics (*casually grapple an enemy and rips his oxygen mask). multiplayer was like other multiplayers but not the best, definitely preferred black ops 2 or 3. Zombies was a joke, but the idea was new, refreshing and exciting.
I love this game, but the bandwagon is too much.
Game gets way too much hate by those that havn't even played it.  Great fun.
After about 24 hours of this game, i must say, it does NOT deserve all of the hate its getting. I think that the game is actually really fun, and has many hours of play time. The multiplayer is decent, the campaign is great as always, and zombies is so much fun. The game has no micro-transactions, its not pay to win, its not super unbalenced, its not terrible buggy. If people actually gave it a try, i think that many people would enjoy it. So if you are wondering if the game is decent, i think its pretty fun. Just my opinion. i give it an 8/10
Great game Multi is okay. Zombies Is great as alway, Campaign was pretty good as well.
Like the zombs
I think that this games multiplayer could definitely be better. The campaign is sick though
Good. Now ♥♥♥♥ off.
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is good in some areas and horrible in othersCampain is the best one we had since Modern Warfare, which is easy to say because I can play both. It is actually good. I cared about what I was doing a lot more than the past COD. The dogfighting is amazing and so are the missions variety. Honestly that is one of the reasons you should buy the game. Multi-player is completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is exactly the same from black ops 3. All the cool things they did in the campain are not in this mode. The time to kill is very low to the point every gun is the same. Also this mode feels more pay to win here than before. Now the only good thing this mode has is player progression and player customization. Don't buy the game for this modeZombies was always my favorite mode. Here they helped remover some of the annoying things from the mode. Like how when you die you lose all your guns; if you have enough points you can retrieve them. So this mode is wroth buying.Few other good things about the game is you can see better graphics, easily. Also the guns are familier to modern warfare. As soon as i used one I can tell which one mimics the M4A1 and the AK47. Guns here are more fun to use. Downside is the feeling of more payed to win and the♥♥♥♥♥♥Multi-Player. I got bored after one day and the split user base from Xbox means only one mode most of the time. The game does earn the 60 dollars and barely earns the 80 dollar edition with remastered, that is a good remake. Good old modern warfare with better graphics. I recommend this game if you want a good single player exp, or a fan of zombies. Not for the multi-player. I do suggest get the 80 dollar version if you want a solid shooter with boots on the ground. The game actually did really well in a lot of areas but did the same in the bad. Hope this review helps.
Hey you. Yeah you. We all know you hate this game. Just forget it, I'm not gonna try to convince to get this game...but seriously just shutup and try out the zombie mode. There's plenty there for you to play with for at least another year to and keep your thoughts at bay from the depressing situation that is your virginity.
10/10 would die 10000000000 times again
Game? Dunno. Optimized? YES! Worth a buy, try for an hour, love it or don't. I do.
The experience this game presents you with is breathakingly amazing. There's nothing more immersive than queuing for 10 minutes for your game to crash, I restart and find another game which is a 3v2, one hacker on the other team and two cumbubbles on my team. The last guy is just afk, never heard from the entire game. Definetely worth buying from that website that you buy cd keys from(Steam has literally censored me from saying♥♥♥♥♥or gee two aee) with £20 I found on the floor. Seriously, please buy this game. There's like 14 people that actually play it, you don't understand how bad these queue times are. I don't care if you're as useful as a puddle of excrement, just anything that will put me in a lobby is fine.
The game looks awesome, but still prefer 100 times better Modern Warfare Remastered
Game has a fantastic single player story to play through and the different locations are all done very well. The only two things I really hold against this game is that the campaign could have been longer and the Multi-Player could have been much better. Beyond that, the game is a blast to play and I have already played through the single player campaign twice and I will likely do a third playthrough for survival.
If you like fast paced shooters and the scifi genre youll love this game.
Campaign - Easily the best to date 10/10Zombies - Best zombies yet IMO. Can't wait for Rave in the Redwoods 9/10Multiplayer - Best MP yet IMO 9/10Modern Warfare Remastered - A nice little bonus to people who buy the Legacy edition or Digital Deluxe edition like I did 8/10Overall - Easily my favourite CoD to date 9/10
This game's campaign was badass. MMultiplayer is eh, but sill a good game overall.
TBH this game is one of the most underrated game ever made.. Every body hates cod when it is  reavealed but at the end of the day they are going to buy it.. I think this game is Average but not SUPERRRR BAADD like people make it out to be..
This is a review of the campagin.an all rounder good story, fun parts, funny parts, sad parts. the option to do side missions when and where you chose, and to captian your own starship is amazing. its everything in a game i like, but its not what everyone else likes a cod to be. the characters are good, the setting is cool, the antagonist is icy as fook (also he might know nothing). fighter missions remind me of battlestar galactica. and on of the engneers in the ship looks alot like lewis hamilton... campagin was shorter than i wanted it to be, i would have liked double the side missions and atleast 5 more story missions, but what was threre was good, so m not complaining.OVERALL good charactersgood storygood set/ enviromentvery good idea to captian a shipbad lack of missions
PrestigedGot intervention from mw29/10
meh, alright game
zombies is awesome
Not a bad game, despite the reviews. definently had a good time playing it and would suggest if your a fan of the latest call of dutys, you'll like this one. Only thing i would recommend is to not buy the legacy edition. currently on PC we cannot play MWR at all, and i have became very frusturated over that fact due to paying more to be able to play it. sadly, raven nor activision care about the fact that their game is unavailable to half the gaming community, and continue to only help out console. Untill then, unless your cool with wasting 20$, stick to the base edition.UPDATE: Don't buy this game. no one plays it and you'll wanna shoot yourself for being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and buying a game from activision.
Nice game, just need to be in the right frame of mind
I hate that people are hating on this game just for the movement style. Personally i love the game and think people should give it  a try. Definatly recomend this game.
Great story.
Space warfare 3.0
good game, and if you liked bo3 you will love it
Bought it for MWR.
meh
Zombies in Spaceland is where its at! Its a well put togeather COD, easy to quickly jump on and play a few games, perfect for the casual gamer. Love the COD series though have not been too impressed after MW1, its getting there now. Remastered is exactly how it used to be back in the day. The game may be lacking numbers in the amount of players, takes a while to party up during off-peak times. Overall im happy with it.
Not as bad as I expected.
just a great game will be sad to see this movment style game go after this year but one of the best games iv ever played
breath mints
Nice Zombiemodus ;)
I've only played the campaign which is excellent. I haven't touched the multiplayer and zombies, and i probably won't unless i have a group of friends who own this too which i don't (since prices are outrageous for a games these days).I'm pretty upset that MW remastered is only included even more expensive legacy edition which is ridiculous.Advice: wait for a sale... probably a better one than the 25% off that's going on for black friday
I can tell why the game runs better on PC! 3 years were really worthing my waiting for the new CoD from IW! I can tell they finally optimized the engine for PC, and yes, I can tell that all the gamemodes are fun, and campaign is so awesome. I can tell its better than Black Ops 3 - 11/10'P.S. Just a little update - strongly recommended for consoles if you want to enjoy a hacker free multiplayer experience (ppl still play that on consoles)
Excellent dynamics.
A lot of people say they have lag issues, but i don't. The game isn't perfect AT ALL , i think it's fun tho. pros:The graphics are on point.No lag, from time to time the lag spike you can see in every game (seems to be different for everyone)almost every single gun seems overpowered so i guess there aren't any OP guns in comparison?fast-pacedinteresting campaigncons:I think that because of all the hate this game got before the release, the playerbase ain't that large supply drops can become a problem12yr olds who think diseases are a way to insult people, just let them think that.and the classic problem for me in COD:sometimes there's this one player who's just too good and destroys everyone :p  sadly that's not me destroying everyone.TLDR : i like the game, not the best COD but also not the worst (Ghosts can keep it's place as the worst in my personal opinion )
MOST PEOPLE THINK THAT IT IS♥♥♥♥♥♥BUT IT IS WORTH IT! iT IS SO MUCH FUN AND HAS EXTREME ZOMBIE CONTENT!
I bought it via♥♥♥♥♥on sale (my mistake, now I don't get to play modern warfare remastered) and just wanted to play the campaign. Yes I bought COD for the campaign.As basic as the campaign was, I enjoyed it. It didn't drag on, I casually beat it in a few days and enjoyed pretty much all of it. E3N is a very welcome addition. You kind of wish there was a bit more depth to the campaign, but then again, it wouldn't be COD. It's on rails, it's like a movie and I enjoyed it.Multiplayer is reasonably fun too. I kind of wish it didn't have the wall running and boost jumping (that's why I double regret not having mw remastered), but it's enjoyable. Fast pace, casual gameplay. I'm a long time CS player and I gotta say, this is fun... If you ever get into a lobby that is, queue(I'm in Latvia). Also, being level 1-2-3 and matching people who have Prestige is... Challenging.TL;DR: Bought it for the campaign, didn't expect much, enjoyed it.
I really don't wanna give this a positive rating. It's honestly not that great. There's a whole lot wrong with this game, so take my review with a grain of salt.This game is really clunky, The multiplayer isn't great, and the campaign feels pretty bad. But there are 2 things that cause me to give this a positive review: Zombies and Modern Warfare: Remastered.The zombies mode is great. I am someone who has played just a TON of zombies since Black Ops 1, and I've loved the mode, but I was so dissatisfied with Black Ops 2 it's really great to play the Infinite Warfare zombies because of the new rank system, as well as the loadout system that makes playing zombies different as you level up and get better guns. There's more of an incentive for me to play and I love being able to unlock new things for the weapons. This mode also brings back the complexity of the Tranzit mode but without having to deal with everything you hated about Tranzit.Modern Warfare: Remastered is amazing. Maybe because It's Modern Warfare released again, but their remastery was so good and the multiplayer AND campaign are just so enjoyable, I love being able to play all over agian because it's all so smooth and great,5.1/10This game is very mediocre but it's just barely holding on to my heart. By .1 pointsThanks For Reading!-Joe "Bonzaijoe"
pretty good game
I see that this game gets a lot of hate and most of the negative reviews are just a joke so I decided to make it clear how good and bad this game is from the campaign to multiplayer to zombies LETS DO THISCampaign:What can we start from here? Entire new story entire new cast and is it good? Hell yea even though its still in the future they really went in with it adding side missions to get new stuff they gave you freedom to go around the ship comunicate with the people and also costumize your guns and your air craft the charcters are memorable the graiphics made me ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the end made me cry 10/10 became my one of my favourite campaigns.Multipayer:If you played and liked Black Ops III and Advanced Warfare youre going to love this and if you also played MW2 so you gonna love it too let me explain even though the boosters you still feel it as an old school fight bringing also one of the best map ever created,this is a a chaotic fast and awesome multiplayer for you to enjoy the bad stuff are lags bugs and some times even hackers Infinty ward did good job with the patches for the game so stay tuned until they will fix them too and if not so send feed back to them they will appricate any helpfull feedback.Zombies:The first zombie mode that is made by Infinty Ward the Extinction mode wasnt appricated by some players and called it as one of the worst modes ever (In my opinion its pretty solid) and this year they decided to make zombies many thought this would be and future ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t exo zombies but they surprised us with making an 80s theme mode with cheesy charcters and cheesy zombies (Like ffs they ♥♥♥♥in dance :P) even though all of its stupidness the mode is perfect they didnt copy Treyarch well only on the perks but we cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it (I'd rather those perks than Exo juggernog) the map is solid fun and has a challenge they have inovated the mode so much that they have heard to the fans more than Treyarch did (P.H.D Flopper is in it so its ♥♥♥♥in amazing) and they really knew what to do with this mode even with Easter Eggs the only thing that I can find that is bad is it can be a bit too easy if youre a hardcore zombies player other than that I dont see anything that bad except the bugs that happen but as I said send feedback Infinity Ward and they will fix it.I give this game a solid 9/10 but you can judge the game yourself hope it was helpfullEnjoy The Game :)
i like the weapon varients, the score streaks varients and the rig taunts, thats a creative thing from IW. overall fast paced game.
YOU KNOW NOTHING, JON SHOW
i don't really know what all the hate is about, if anything this is the first futuristic cod that got it right(although the lack of a decent anti-cheat for pc is a pretty significant problem nonetheless)
Review is for the Singleplayer portion only:A nice return to form with a very captivating and interesting Singleplayer campaign. It's a bit short, but keeps you interested and invested until the end.
Such a Good game i thought it was going ot be bad
its ok  zombie mod rocks :D
Not as bad as people thought it was
This game is fantastic. Multiplayer feels clean and balanced, campaign is visually pleasing with an interesting plot. Zombies in Space is a nice inclusion that I did not expect. Bundled with MWR, this game is well worth the price.
fast easy game
this is the first future cod that i love! finaly i can play a realy good cod in 2 years!
Amazing game, even tho many CoD series fans didn't enjoyed it as it was too "futuristic" it's so far my best CoD experience :)
actually pretty good only thing is the lack of players
Great game concept and the campaign story line is good.  I enjoyed the attention to detail on the personal lives of the characters.  The end credits were phenominal and it definately has a mass effect feel.  Not as good a game as Mass Effect by any means.  If I had to choose between Infinate Warfare and Battlefield 1 I would choose Battlefield 1.  I do think its crap that all the versions of this game did not include remastered Modern Warfare.  There are those out there who have bought every Call of Duty ever made.  Activision would have shown true customer appreciation by giving the remastered version for free with Infinate Warfare purchase.
Contextual disclosure: I’m not multiplayer gamer, and I’m equally fan of SF as history.Must admit I was under strong influence of hate hype prior to CoD:IW launch. To put it mildly I was skeptical of another “future warfare” instalment of the game. At the same time, I was curious to try it and see why so many gave it hard time.After finishing presumably half of the campaign I can say this game is awesome! First, this is by far the best optimized DirectX 11 game, able to produce this level of graphic fidelity. Graphics engineers at development team, have created engine that’s masterpiece. Design and art guys have also done superb job. This is beautifully designed and detailed game-world.Obviously, equally important part is gameplay mechanic. Given the fact that this game “parents” are Infinity Ward and Raven Software, it’s no wonder that gameplay mechanic is second to none. Just the other day I was thinking how cool were Raven games like Star Trek: Voyager – Elite Force, Quake 4, Singularity… these guys simply don’t have bad game.To conclude, this is awesome game! Whoever loves SF militaristic operas, shows like Battlestar Galactica, or more recent Expanse, will enjoy this game. You don’t even need over-expensive PC hardware for it. It looks gorgeously and run great on much more affordable components.With no doubt, this is the best CoD game since CoD: Modern Warfare
On my opinion this game isn't that bad as said.There are things who are really annoying but you can still play it with friends.
Really ,nice game ! :)
I do really like this gameThe things that draws this from being up there with the best are hackers in Multiplayer, they do not get banned and I always seem to run into them.But other then that there is barely anything wrong with the game, campaign is one or maybe the best I have ever played, mulitplayer (Besides the hackers) is absolutaly funZombies, even though Im terrible at it is fun and feels very clean and nice.I have played MWR only a small bit because I can't get into a game of multiplayer and I havent finished the campaign at the moment because it feels clunky.In conclusion, the only thing i find wrong with this game is hackers I will give this game an 8.5/10
Really awesome game very well optimised havent tried single player yet but multiplayer and zombies is really good ive played 2 hours just on multiplayer dont listen to the bad comments about this game i havent encountered one hacker so far definately reccomend this. Ive been playing maxed out on a i5 6500 gtx 960 4gb ssc and it works perfectly! although we may need some more zombies players as i had to play solo the again it was on a weekday during school time. HIGHLY RECOMMENED FOR PC PLAYERS THIS YEAR ZOMBIES IS REALLY AWESOME AND MULTILPLAYER IS REALLY PACY AND FUN!
Awesome for some Jon Snow
Zombies mode is amazing
Stellar writing. Questionable yet mechanically functional weapon design. Aircraft combat surpisingly  enjoyable. All in all, a solid shooter. MP is a bit underwhelming, yes, but if you're more of a single-player guy like me, this is a great game.Give it a chance, guys. You CAN love a game without hating its competition.
Stellar writing. Questionable yet mechanically functional weapon design. Aircraft combat surpisingly  enjoyable. All in all, a solid shooter. MP is a bit underwhelming, yes, but if you're more of a single-player guy like me, this is a great game.Give it a chance, guys. You CAN love a game without hating its competition.
its ok
Loved it, I came from MW3. Hated BO III. Now i'm starting to like this multiplayer
Very good game!
ehhhh game
It was a mistake!
Excellent single player campaign, meh multiplayer compared to Titanfall 2. Fun Zombies mode makes up for tired old multiplayer mode.
one of the better CoD in recent times....single player-wise
Best money grabber ever
AuTSM the game
AuTSM the game
a
Awesome game, but alot bugs and glitches. More people should buy this.
I cannot recommend this game to casual players that play multiplayer. It's not a finished game many features are missing making multiplayer unenjoyable. If you only get cod mainly for single player then I would recommend it, I had a lot of fun. Also to the zombie players reading this I would also recommend zombies is this game, having lots of fun playing that.
I feel that this COD has been one of my favorites excluding multiplayer the multiplayer could use some revision or so I believe I have run into many cheaters and makes the game less fun but on the other hand the campaign and zombies modes have been some of the best I have seen in a while I have already sunk 50 hours into the zombies mode alone I find the mode to be a new twist on treyarch zombies and I like where the zombies is headed. and the campaign has to be the best campaign to date I actually loved the compat mechanics and the story is quite plausible. overall the game is quite good
I would just like to say that this game is actually the best COD I have played in a while and that the hate train has ruined the player base.
Suprising campaign, nice space dogfights
Have not played the Multiplayer but the single player is amazing!
the singleplayer is actually quite fun best cod iv played since modern warfare but the multiplayer is pretty weak
Call of Duty gets a lot of hate.  Some of it justified, a lot of it not.'COD is always the same every year'  they change the game and suddenly 'What happened to boots on ground gameplay?'People just don't know what they want.This review is based on the MP part of the game as I'm yet to play the SP or really put anytime into Zombies mode.The movement system has been refined from AW and BO3 and it's the best yet; strafe sliding? Yep, about time.COD is all about the gunplay and while this year's game has less than usual, the prototypes make up for this and then some.Player numbers are currently pretty low for a COD title (BO3 has more players, but it has amazing mod tools to be fair) however if you're in Europe you'll have no issues getting a game, if you like TDM which most of the player base appears to.Recommended.
This is a review based solely on the Multiplayer and Zombies gamemode. Keep in mind this is mostly my opinion.Starting with multiplayer i'm writing this as of just hitting prestige 1 and so far i'm really enjoying.The movement it pretty much the same as Blops3 with minor changes. Guns feel solid and overall feel different. I will say there is a lack of guns overall to choose from but getting into variants you get little changes to try keep guns you use all the time feeling fresh. Sadly some variants of guns give you a rather minor advantage over players without such choice in weaponary. This doesn't bother me but may bother you, to each their own. The rigs are quite different from one another but don't bring much new to the table from Blops3 and kinda just does little twists to what you remember. Same thing with scorestreaks, you'll remember most of them. The maps are alright, some feel just thrown together? Biggest problem with the multiplayer at the moment is dual wield. People seem to run around using dual wield pistols and they kills so quick you don't know what even happened. Once that gets fixed, if it ever does, then the guns are pretty balanced overall. As for the lack of anti-cheat I haven't found any hackers yet. The forums are full of people complaining but i'm yet to see one for myself. Final result 8/10.Now for the zombies. As of right not there is only one map being Zombies in Spaceland which isn't that bad. The size of the map is pretty big and actually overwhelmed me at first. The Fate and Fortune cards work the same as the candy from Blops3. Fate cards you get from leveling up in the zombies gamemode and Fortune being cards you get out of the zombie crates which are one time use kind of things. Pack-a-punch machine still works the same but activating it is different. Easter eggs on this map are pretty crazy and a guide was much needed for me as working it out for myself seemed too difficult. Being able to customize guns is quite nice though, keeps me experimenting with different attachments and such. So far a great edition to an already great gamemode. Final result 8.5/10Quick note being the game runs fine on my computer at 60fps 1080p no frame drops ot stutters to be seen. Your experience may vary of course. Games great and I hope more people come join the multiplayer as the community is pretty small being only 5k players at peak. If you feel I missed anything or have any questions feel free to comment and ask. Thanks for reading.
Ein wirklich gutes Spiel, lohnt sich zum kaufen, macht sehr viel Spaß vorallem der Zombie Mode ist sehr gut gelungen
Gud 11/10
This game is fun, no matter how many people will flame it! Just play (buy) it guys, we need more PC gamer!
I've been a keen player of COD and this is an amazing addition to the franchise. The campain is great and the fact that it comes with zombies is even better. the multiplayer is also good however i am suufering from some mouse lag which i know is a common problem. Overall this game however was a great success and is a lot of fun.
gud gaem
I think that Infinite Warfare is amazing. The campaign looks really good as I've heard from many, multiplayer is good, and the zombies is amazing. I recommend giving IW a try
People should give this game a chance, while it is futuristic and not exactly what everyone wants..The campaign is brilliant and quite probably the best I've ever played (aside from MW2).The zombies mode is a great addition and works well as it's own mini-game within the franchise.While the multiplayer can't change it's original Call of Duty formula, It advances more towards and beyond Black Ops 3..Shorter jump boost times and sliding less distance which balances it out a bit more.As for MWR, Raven Software did a stunning job at reviving the classic game that all of us loved and enjoyed. Personally I'd love them to become the 4th Call of Duty developer (even if it had mean't for them to direct their own Modern-era video game). 9/10.
The singleplayer is actually pretty cool, i was thinking it would be bad like Bo3 where you didnt really know anything about the story. Multiplayer needs fixes and alot. I still play it as i am bored of other games. I think Activision support opened a Membership program just for me the amout of time i contacted htem about issues in this game. :D
Fun stuff
For what its worth, it's a good game. Everybody that is hating on this are all people that for some reason expected something that wasnt a COD. The gameplay is different, multiplayer does need some rebalance, but overall its fresh. The campaign was genuinely good. My honest opinion is that this game isn't horrible, as long as you know exactly what you're getting.
Realy cool game i like the Space theme and the graphics is amazing
I screwed my money over this game I expected something from good old call of duty but also I pre-ordered this♥♥♥♥♥♥well it was because of MODERN WARFARE REMASTERED and now whenever there's a sale the price massively low then what I've spent and this is the only call of duty that has massively low price on sale if anyone is thinking of buying this game i would recommend to buy it in a sale and afterall it wasn't that bad I enjoyed it not much but I did not everything's ruined and the remastered is good but no ones on the multiplayer servers literally no one every now and then there's few people but I would still recommend this but remember to buy this in a sale otherwise you're screwing your money also there were few bugs and caps but it's been patched now in the new update and i don't agree with the people who disliked this game and if you're a fan of call of duty for it's campaign then you should definetly get it and afterall it's better not best but I think people don't understood this game and it's not exactly a rip of TITANFALL and who disliked it because they think it's a rip of TITANFALL play it again I know some people would say I don't have much playtime to review but believe me I played about 150 hrs on my Playstation and it's not that bad i hope my review helps someone and HAPPY GAMING
The Campaign mode is great. I really enjoyed the space battles, story line and plot are both solid. However, ..... the multiplayer disappointing and overrated. Best to look at gameplay and decide for yourself here I recommend to buy the game for 1. Zombie mode is great fun 2. Modern Warfare multiplayer and campaign modes are great3. Infinite Warfare campaign is good Infinite Warfare Multiplayer ..... CRAP!
I had to rewrite my review to be fair to the game. summary: The campaign is worth looking into, the zombie mode is great and the multiplayer is awful.Pros: The campaign on this was actually a positive surprise.The main story is great and adding side missions is something new and I like it a lot. The zombie is fun and there is always something new every year with it. ItsÂ´s a perfect way of having fun with your friends.I have no problem running this game on my gtx960mCons: I really dislike the multiplayer. I guess itÂ´s because I like the codsÂ´ when you didnÂ´t have a jetpack on your back. I think it makes the game loose its character. I also want to add that there isnÂ´t a lot of players on the remastered edition of modern warfare 1  and remind you of how unoptimized it is.  I have played call of duty the big red one, call of duty modern wafare 1/2/3, call of duty black ops 1/2/3 so im not really new to the series.
Its actually good if u comper IW to prev. games from CoD brand. Multi feels good, single is great and zombies are really fun. Remaster is full of campers :(
Much better than expected.I never had any expectations for this game but it is actually quite fun!
good
prettyâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
I love playing the single player games.  It is one of the features that brings me back in order to pay good money for such enjoyable aloneness.   But this game disappointed me.  Without going into spoilers, you knew what was going to happen after the first major mission.   Why are they writing a mature game for kids?  Make the story complex, make it feel like a 10 hour movie as Ghost did.  Instead of something so predictable to make it almost not worth playing.
GIT GUT, but mwr is better
When I started playing I was really thinking about where the ♥♥♥♥ I landed. But after playing some hours i really started to like the game. Overall t think that they did a good job. Some of the maps are a bit too futuristic. But it can do it. Good job again, Activision.
The Zombie mode is the Best of this Game <3
(excuse my english)Yall haters need to chill your♥♥♥♥♥♥ok. This game most likely has the best capaign  CoD ever had(maybe except for mw2). It's a great story...yes it's futuristic and it's in space (so what) but they absolutely nailed it. It has that "WHOA" feeling to it that imo last time CoD had back in BO1. On top of that it has some characters that you actually care about(IKR) last time that happened was in MW3 and only cuz (SPOILER ALERT) Soap died.Long story short i wanted to replay campaign before i even finished it the first time and i think that says something.Now when it comes to MP i'll be honest it's a generic CoD MP with some new elements. It's fun to play but i don't see myself spending much time in it....for now at least.Now there is also a Zombie mode(who saw that one coming). And you know...its set in 80's and you shoot zombies with high tech guns...what else do u need for fun? Good time!
Zombies: Good job! Extremely fun!  The easter egg is tedious and the reward, double pack-a-punch, is hardly worth it.  However there are 4 wonder weapons meaning each player can have one (3 worth having - unlucky player 4).  Enough training spots for everyone. Multiplayer: Alright, could be better.Fun, kinda.  Three quarters of the maps are not bad and the rest are v bad.  Some weapon variants are OP and hard to get unless you like playing “Micro Transactions: The Game”.  Occasional hacker :<  Singleplayer: Haven’t played.
rankkaa
I don't agree with the general consensus that Modern Warfare has the best Call of Duty campaign. In my opinion, that spot goes to Infinite Warfare. The game takes place in the near future, but it's tackled so well. It's believable, unlike the future depicted in Black ops 3, which seems like a bullcrap from the beginning. What I find the most amazing about this CoD though is the character development. Each character is given something. No over the top death scenes like in the previous entries, which were supposed to make you care for someone at the last moment. Deaths of your allies here are meaningful and executed well. Even for it's shorter game length, the game managed to develop almost every character to the point you feel their deaths. The overall story is good, nothing completely mind-blowing, but it works well in the overall scheme. Main villain is hardly in the game, but I think it worked better, than some of the omnipresent villains from the past entries. This could have been a great start of a sub-series to the CoD franchise, were the general fanbase not people who only care for multiplayer/battle royale games. The gameplay mechanics are what you'd expect from your typical CoD game. Though the gunplay feels satisfying, given the variety of ballistic and energy based weapons. There's also space combat, which can be clunky at times, but overall works and looks fine. There are also side missions, yes, side missions in a Call of Duty game. They work as a sort of progression for your character, each giving you some kind of upgrade, either to your character or to your arsenal. I won't talk about the zombie mode and multiplayer here, because IW's campaign towers over these two modes in a spectacular manner. To be quite honest and to sum this up, I think that Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is one of the best Sci-fi FPS games out there. (Yes, I know I'm making this "review" 2 years after the launch.)
Bought this for Cod Remastered and Zombies, but I didn't regret the game itself. even though I am not that into futuristic shooters, both this and black ops 3 was a fun game to play.
Not bad
lol xd
Great Graphics
I find this game quite entertaining. Even with my Potato computer.
great game! it plays like mw2 or mw3 or even aw - love it
⁢
Don't see what people are complaining for, the game runs fine on my 4790K and GTX 970 @ 1080pMultiplayer is fast paced and actually really fun, gunplay and movement seems better than BO3.If you're a fan of zombies then you'll enjoy the new storyline and the first map is huge.Haven't tried singleplayer yet.
Despite the reviews the campain is fun and a good cast
Infinite warfare, is Call of Duty version of  Battlestar Galactica. I believe the story is well written and there are memrobale characters. Eventhough its an FPS, but the variety of gameplay from hacking robots, flying a Jackal aircarft and stealth assassination is nice addition. I think its really a well made game.
It's pretty good. Multiplayer is dead though.
Solid game. Not sure why there are so much hate with this game..Guess because it is CoD...
Отличная игруля, механика, физика, игровой процесс
Doing this for the Steam Badge.If anything, there is one part in the game which I say is probably the best cutscene in COD history. What I'm talking about is the scene with Ethan and Reyes around mid-game.
It's good.
This game is fine. 7/10
After the most recent update it runs a lot better than it did before, Similar to BO3.
MW4 is good, IW is not
This game is pretty fun.... well atleast the zombies is and I really just want to right now give the devlopers behind the new zombies a clap and a half for there outstanding work and i'm not saying the rest of the game is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥im just sayimg i only bought this game for zombies but you can like what you wanna like.
I've played a good 45 hours of this game and tried every inch of this game and really enjoyed it and dont' believe in the "hate" every is giving it. Let me break it down.**Campaign *Spoilers**Read With Caution*** - This has to be my 3rd favorite campaign Call of Duty created, not because of how it played out, but the small meanings behind it. After playing the entire thing and currently working on finishing it in Veteran, I realized at the end of it that most of the previous Call of Duty games didn't have: Casualties of War. Sure in the previous games you had characters in the game you know and love die off, but not as much as this game. It really showed that in true warfare, you can make as many friends as you want, but in the end, they might no longer be there. The end reminded me of our soldiers fighting out there now for our safety. - Regarding that note, the Campaign played out real nice. In concluded very well, no major loose ends, chances of a sequel? Not Likely. From the mission select screen there are about 30ish missions. I enjoyed the time spent on the details that most players don't see (During feet week it felt as if each NPC had their own personality). It felt very similar to the Ghosts campaign, which should be obvious since its the same dev team. I really enjoyed the Ghosts story and this one was just as good. I liked how weapons were unlocked by your player "scanning" weapons instead of them just instantly unlocked. The Jackal mission were very exciting as well. I expected the controls for the Jackal to feel weird, but it played out nice compared to if your boots on the ground.  - Lastly the whole boosting and jumping around the map, I didn't really do much. Of couse I'll do them here and there when needed, but overall, the campaign really had your feet drilled to the ground (excluding the zero g missions).**Multiplayer**\ - This can go both ways with some people, but I'll stick with my thoughts and opinions since I tried the MP myself. I'm about halfway through reaching max level (55), and it feels very smooth. The jump boosting and all that feels more toned down than Black Ops 3. You're mostly on the ground. I've tried every weapon class and they all feel great, especially the snipers. I'm not a pro and I'm your casual sniper that takes "quick scoping" into 2nd account then first. The game felt like a mix between Ghosts and Black Ops 3, which I think is a nice feel. The keys and weapon crates aren't entirely bad, I do enjoy sharing the keys between zombies and MP  because it helps me grind out both level modes. - Sure they're are bugs, glitches, and other nonsense that needs to be fixed, but hey, that's how newly released games are. In time they will be fixed, and it be just better than before. - The combat rigs don't feel overpowered either. I, as an average player, usually get my rig at max twice a game on TDM. So, on average, players aren't relying a lot on their rigs to get them kills. **Zombies** - Before I get into this. I REALLY wanted extinction to return just because it was a different flow in the franchise. I'm hoping they don't do a zombies every year because if so, they might run the zombies idea dry as well. So I expected extinction, but got zombies instead. I'll take it for now. - Zombies feels really great. I enjoy small things that 3arc didn't do or didn't find necessary. Things like smaller hitboxes, so its easier to run around zombies, custom melee animations, 5 perk held at a time instead 4. It felt really nice. The story is intriguing as well. I'm still trying to understand why a directior would put props and power ups in his show if he didn't want our actors to use it, but oh well. It felt easier to reach higher rounds, (some might think this is bad, but its helpful for  people learning to play or players getting better). The "quest" items were not forced on the player like our traditional zombies. We could easily play the game without touching a single item in our inventory. The bank is very useful, (especiallly me since I'm very supportive in public matches.) Weapon kits are nice and the Fate and Fortune cares are just as good. They dont' feel overpowered, but are very useful when needed. - One thing I'm a bit off of is the public matchmaking. I think it be troublesome in the future to have to wait for 4 players just to start a match.**End Note** - Campaign: Highly recommend, great story, and a cool calling card if you complete it. - Multiplayer: I think it's fun, I'm enjoying it better than the last two years of cod mp(BO3 & AW) - Zombies: Still wanted extinction, but it's worth playing as well.
♥♥♥♥ing awesome
zombies is done great. mp is fast pasted servers need tuning hackers need to be kicked. you can feel activision corprate hand unfornately with some of the things missing like leaderboard emblem creator lack of anti cheat. the single player is enjoyable
I think this game is great I enjoy playing with mp and really enjoy zombies.MP: 7/10Zombie: 9/10I runs great on my 1060 just hate the fps lock.
Infinite Warfare put to rest my concerns that (a) IW are just going to keep releasing the same fan-service games and (b) that they were going to mess up the sci-fi aspects of a war game set in the far future. In my opinion, neither of these turned out to be true.I enjoy CoD's multiplayer, but I don't have the time it takes to really get into it, so my focus in all of the Call of Duty games has been the single player story-driven experience. It's this single player experience where I feel Infinity Ward has always excelled far beyond both Treyarch and Sledgehammer, and achieved a truly cinematic gameplay experience which is heavily polished in every aspect. This formula is perfected even further with Infinite Warfare.The game's a shooter--so let's focus on what's important first. Performance is outstanding, even with high settings and on a computer that hasn't been updated in a couple of years. The gunplay feels great--like all good CoD games, the weapons feel weighty and the aiming feels precise. Yes, the game suffers from a little bit of a "whack-a-mole" feel at times, but this is more noticeable in multiplayer in my opinion. That's because of the next aspect I'll get into.The way the story plays out is incredible. Like the best blockbuster movies, you're ushered through a perfect ebb and flow of action in a very diverse story involving characters you'll actually find yourself caring about. Tired of recent stories all involving warring nations in familiar territory? Not here. Every mission has you doing something different, and the game introduces many new concepts thanks to how far in the future it's set, not the least of which are huge spaceships, dogfighting missions, and zero-G missions. I didn't get bored of shooting the same types of people (and machines) again and again because something different was always going on. Every single aspect of the single player experience--from the graphics, to the gameplay, to the voice acting, to the quality of the sound effects, to the soundtrack--each of those aspects were polished to such a degree that makes many other games look like betas even after years of patching.Back with the first Modern Warfare title, Infinity Ward gave us the secret to their new formula--variety. Infinite Warfare carries the torch of this formula to a much higher degree than I was expecting, without sacrificing any of the great core gameplay that made CoD a success in the first place.Everybody gets some aspect of a CoD game wrong. This seems to be the closest anyone has come since CoD4 to getting all of the aspects just right in a way that feels fresh again. I was worried about Infinity Ward after losing many of their core team and needing to bring in Sledgehammer to help them finish MW3. I'm not worried about Infinity Ward anymore. Now, I just can't wait for the next game in the Infinite Warfare series (Please let there be one!)Additional note: I also got the version which includes Modern Warfare Remastered. Again I haven't spent much time in multiplayer, but the single player experience is just like I remember, but better! Raven did a great job updating the game to feel more modern without ruining any of what makes me replay that story at least once a year or so.
great by overallfar better than RPG storylinevast way to play in zombiesF2P friendly MPgrab it if you are sci fi and lore loverleave it if you are Boots on ground maniac..9/10 for them (10/10 if they fixed graphics compability)
Classic Call of Duty. Multiplayer is fast paced and excellent fun.The Single-player campaign has a newer twist on it adding a little more interest in this area.Zombies mode is almost a copy of Treyarch's meaning it is also as fun as ever.
A surprisingly great single player campaign. MW: Remastered was a great addition to this game. Entirely worth the $60 price tag..
its not as bad as ppl say it is i like it its fun it just need a few updates to get it better
MOUSE ACCELERATION ISSUES HAVE BEEN FIXED- PC PORT RUNS GREAT, LOOKS GREAT OTHER THAN 91 FPS CAP IN MP. Overall:Campaign 7/10Multiplayer 6/10Zombies 9/10The Campaign is a fun adventure through space with believable chararacters. There are neat side quests and beautiful space scapes. It really is quite neat.  There are some exceptions for the characters. The robot character E3N is more human than he should be in my opinion, he seems way too aware of emotion to possibly be a robot.Also the main villain actually kind of sucks. Normally CoD villains are actually pretty alright but this guy is some cliche over the top james bond villain with like 5 minutes of screen time throughout the whole campaign (his introduction is cool though). "Freedom has no place in this solar system" according to our villain. just a little ham fisted. Also the whole plot (read: war) takes place in a single day. It annoyed me so much where they literally say "We lost a lot of people this morning, time to finish this". Those were some of the major stuff that stood out, other than that the campaign is actually a fun one to play through clocking for me at a solid 12 hours to do everything. Atleast it wasn't the trash fire of black ops 3 campaign.MULTIPLAYERMultiplayer is a stiffer version of black ops 3 with maps that are even more cramped. While guns like the NV4 are fun to shoot and there is that inevitable euphoria that comes with the CoD grind there isn't anything that sets this title a bar ahead of black ops 3 in anyway other than specialist characters looking like soldiers and not heroes. If you enjoy CoD and played black ops 3 to death you might as well pick this up because it's a whole new grind, otherwise if you haven't played a CoD in a while pick up black ops 3 with it's mod support and smoother movement and better map deisng for this movement system (imo).ZOMBIESNow this I enjoy whole heartedly. It's back to simple, stupid fun like the old zombies. Many complained about zombies starting to center too much around quests and less about... zombies. Well this so far has struck a perfect middle ground. There are a bunch of quests to do but at no point do you feel obligated to do them and they certainly aren't a chore to do unlike how it could get in late black ops 2/ black ops 3. You kill zombies in this ludicrious 80s envrionment (who knows where the next map will go) with great music in the background and David Hasselhoff watching your back. The map is designed terrifically and is completely unique. If you're a fan of old school zombies i would suggest this.
Great campaign
Love it like is is mw3 but newer i have fun and love when i make people mad at it great game good job
Singleplay was awesome. Loved the story.
10/10 ; Surreal but it's perfect. Campaing mode it's a little bit confusing when playing but it's ok. Multiplayer it's awesome! Good game in general. Worth the money!
Bom jogo.Sem players.Conexão meia boca.
This Game is best game ever !!!
Cannot get Infinite Warefare to run but Modern Warfare Remastered runs and plays well.Shame the main game doesnt work but i only bought it for MWR mainly so i am somewhat happy.
Lol.
Lol.
decent game, worth it if it's at a discounted price
I Dont like multiplayer to much but zombies in spaceland is really fun if you like zombies consider buying it
I want to like this game.  I like the maps and game play, but no anti-cheat means hackers are everywhere and they are not even hiding it.  This game could be good but they need to fix it quick before they lose all of us to another game. I recomment it only on the hopes they fix it quick.
8/10Good campaign, good zombies, decent MP.
This game is GOAT
Ethan is the best companion I've had in years. This is the first CoD game I've bought at release since ever and I was honestly not disappointed with the singleplayer campaign. The game looks great, runs incredibly well (probably best optimized game of the year imo aside from Doom), the space dogfighting was great but I wish there was more of it. Get this game please it's great.
It's alright. Not the best but not the worst.
good! :D
Campaign: 10/10The rest: Average CoD
CAMPAIGN AWESOME *PROBABLY MY FAVOURITE COD CAMPAIGN YETZOMBIES AWESOME  *PROBABLY THE MOST FUN I HAD IN A ZOMBIES MAP YETMULTIPLAYER GOOD *ITS NOT BAD ITS NOT AMAZING BUT AT TIMES IT IS REALLY GOODTHE BADSOME OPTIMIZATION ISSUES AND CRASHES WHICH THEY HOPEFULLY SORT OUT IN THE COMING WEEKS HACKERS (I HAVE FOUND 5 IN ALL MY TIME PLAYED) HOPEFULLY THEY IMPLEMENT SOME ANTICHEAT OR THEY START BANNING PEOPLE SOON OVERALL I RECOMMEND IT AS A COMPLETE PACKAGE BUT IF YOU ARE ONLY INTERESTED IN THE MP TRY IT OUT AND IF YOU ARE NOT INTO IT REFUND IT
zombies is good but you dont have to bother with the rest.
I really like this call of duty. People based their opinion on others, and said it was bad. I tried it, and loved it. The zombies gamemode is amazing, (new plot!) the campaign is the best call of duty campaign i've played, and the multiplayer is smooth. Smooth movements, and based on skill (yes i play a lot of hardcore :))
This Review is more for cod4 the game looks better but spawns are f***ed and no dede servers ;(
Actually a good game, im talking about MW remastered ;)
blah blah shoot the bad guys blah blah blah multikill blah blah blah dead blah blah blah repeat
♥♥♥♥ING AWSOME
When you actually give the game a chance, It's not bad at all
so thsi game as we all no is a video game. it should have been a cof of dufty
Good game.
The single player story line is just awesome it portrays the war war is suppot to me shown
Well its cod.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare ReviewSo I felt like doing a review on this game as a few people I've met and discussed the COD games totally didn't know about how the story can suck you in but only if you are dedicated toward understanding the story, do the missions, and start to see an attachment to the characters within the game.Singleplayer Story:So when the game first starts up and you begin the storyline for COD: IW, I didn't think to much toward what I was doing or who the characters are when you first enter the game. Of course, new characters are introduced but I still wanted to know a little more on what was going on in the new world of COD IW. After a few missions, you start to understand the circumstances and then what you have to do within the game. I chose to take on each and every mission which better explained and also made the player understand the characters along with becoming attached. The characters are enjoyable, can be funny, but shows a relationship between each character. The only issue I had with the storyline was that it was too short. I literally beat the game with all missions completed in under 4 hours. Wish there were more to it but I guess it's time for me to choose the difficulty "veteran" to have a little more gameplay. Multiplayer:Is there anything to say about this as it does feel like the last COD but does have new weapons, rigs, teams, etc. Maps are decent, still the run-and-gun whoever hits the trigger first wins but still is fun in it's own way. Zombies have been improved and totally LOVE IT!!! Going back to the 80's was a great idea but versing clowns just scare me in my dreams so the game can haunt you for a while if you don't like clowns haha!Overall:I'd say if you are a hardcore COD fan, definitely go for this game. If you just want to go for the storyline, then I'd advise to wait for the price to go down since the storyline can be beaten in 4 hours or less. I'd recommend this game for Zombie and multiplayer players as those modes are pretty fun to play!Oh and not only that, purchasing the 100$ COD IW comes with the Modern Warfare Remaster which is a great deal as you get the Season Pass and you then go back to the past :).
doing this for steam thing Xd but is good game yes ðŸ‘Œ
i just love it
I love this game. I really find it fun to play. Of course I can ULTRA it on my ROG SWIFT PG348Q and since this game is a lot about graphics and is pretty hard to run for "normal" machines, I might be a bit â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed about it. However, it's a lot of fun and I really really enjoy the space parts of the game. Flying around and looking at the stars while shooting misiles is just my sort of thing. - Don't think Eve Online here - I don't have the time. I'm only in it for the SP campaign.However, I only recommend this for SP if you have a pretty EXTREME rig. - SLI etc. Specs of my machine can be viewed here:ROG RAMPAGE V EDITION 10 Anniversary EditionIntelÂ® Coreâ„¢ i7-6950X Processor 25M Cache950 PRO NVMe M.2 SSD 512GB + 2 X 2TB HGSTSLI EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 CLASSIFIED GAMING ACX 3.0 + EVGA HB SLI BridgeDEEPCOOL Genome Gamerstorm with a build in CAPTAIN 360 AIO coolerROG SWIFT PG348Q 100Hz IPS Panel with G-SYNC technology32 GB Corsair Dominator Platinum DDR4 3200MHz PC4-25600 Quad channel memoryCooled by 6 X Air Series AF/SP120 Performance Edition High Airflow 120mm fans @ 900RPMPowered by an EVGA SuperNOVA 1000 T2My build log can be seen here:
This game has many drawbacks - cheaters, exploiters etc. but at the end it's fun playing this game that matters.
Loved it! If Titanfall 2 and Watchdogs 2 hadn't used Denuvo, I never would have bought this game and 50% off deal seemed like a no brainer.Despite all that, hot damn! This game is amazing. Visuals, sounds, setpieces, the overall presentation is Sci-Fi fan's wet dream. Even the "slow" segments let my imagination run wild.Fantastic game.(Not talking about MP, which I have no intention of even trying)
A little too much like Titanfall with the "Wall running" BUT very enjoyable. Awesome storyboard, amazing graphics, and a whole lot of action. Eventhough the Multiplayer side is still plagued with cheaters, it is still a very intense experience. I recommend this game to ANYONE.
Not actually as bad as its made out to be, Its actually one of the best they have made so far. Zombies was also impressive and the multiplayer is good fun combat.The only problems i think the game has is The low amount of players And frequent hackers who have aimbot and are impossible to killOther than that the game is very fun and does not deserve all the hate that it is getting.
Campain - 10/10Multiplayer - 6/10Zombies - 9/10:)
Very good game from Infinity Ward, all others are hating on this game for unnessary reasons, very fluid gameplay and minimalistic display, upto now I've played everything on this but campaign, but the multiplayer and the zombies have been developed so well, and is an easily enjoyable game, too many people are hating on this game because it has changed, but on an overall if you try this game, you are bound to enjoy it, its nothing like its predecessor Advanced Warfare, either way give this game a chance, and I promise you'll enjoy it.
The best game of world! :-)
Very good multiplayer:Fast pacedMany modesDifferent RigsA lot of viable weaponsbalanced perksbrings back MW2 feel
After tons of hate and rumors,this games turn out to be a banger.I am addicted to this game...I can't remember better times since bo2
A fun game, playbase is lacking but generally Infinite Warfare runs well, much better than Modern Warfare Remastered.
The best game of the millennium. 12 out of 10 at your fingertips!
BES CALL OF DUTY EVER
a great game
+ 10 only for call of duty modern warfare remastered
nope
This game is gud. Kinda.
Amazing game
Really good game 10/10
I like itEasy to find a gameNetcode is better than beforeNo theater this time so you have to record the games yourself :/But still a great CoD <3
Campaing Pretty Good. Zombies Not Too Bad. Multiplayer I Dont Ever Want To Touch That Again.But Overall Its A 2/3 For Me.Pretty Good Game.
EZ <3
Amazing graphics, campaign really fun. Similar mechanics to Black Ops III.
Not a great game, but much better than i expected.Actually worth playing if you play with friends.7/10
only good game for zombies and story mode. multiplayer is boring after a few matches.
Nics game :)
As far as the campaign goes, it was one of the best Call of Duty stories I have ever played. It had that combination of a great action game, a great story, and great content. Haven't tried multiplayer though, heard it's not so great. XD
Campaign - 10/10Multiplayer - 7/10Zombies - 10/1010/10 would buy it again
Not the best COD but it's fun and with friends you can really enjoy the game. Even solo players will love this game just give it a try!
Great Game, no problems!!
Bought this game solely for zombies, staying solely for zombies
This game is just unfinished! Multyplayer broken have to wait sometimes even 10-20min untill i can start!Zombies havent played zombies becouse i cant get in its searching players for hours but nothings happening! In overall im not that dissapointed. i just want to play the game not wait for players hours!
It`s not that bad give it a chance. The only problem is barely anyone plays gun game and some other gamemodes so it might take a while to find a match
when they r going to start vab ban  ....hackers start playing around losing score ...
I honestly enjoy this game the campaign is so intense and the multiplayer I personally feel gets better and better.
Tried fifteen minutes of this game, and on the basis of having played quite a bit of black ops III, as well as finishing a number of other games in this franchise, I feel I must post what I will try to make an even-handed review, I may update this as I play more, but so far I can say with confidence, the following:1) This game does feel clunky; I would agree with what many people have written here on the basis of the fact that the thrusters/jetpack jump does not seem to function as smoothly as it did in BO3. When your character goes to jump, the movement jerks around a little more than it should and the timing seems off when you do things like jumping from platform to platform, or even unrealated movements such as adjusting aim down the sights, or ducking/going prone. Whilst the buggy movement, does not in itself, render the game unplayable in my opinion, or a waste of money; it certainly takes away from the experience in a genre where I become reliant on being able to react split second to what is on the screen. Not to mention, killing immersion. Definite minus on that, but I feel with time, the devs can and should be able to patch this, in fact, I believe BO3 had a similar issue that was also later fixed. Furthermore, in my humble opinion, CS:GO and Medal of Honor: Frontline are both older FPS/Tactical games, and their mechanics are, to me, less clunky, and in some ways probably more realistic simply because of this, despite their lack of finesse and finer detail (ie: "realism" as some like to call it). In short, stop focusing on more things your avatar can do, and start trying to make the avatar do what he already does; properly. That is where, I believe, the devs went wrong here. 2) I cannot vouch for the storyline yet, but all I can say from my own experience on this is that the last two or three, or even four COD games have had the same or similar type of storyline; I was expecting a futuristic repeat, and that is sort of what I got. Though, I will admit, I did hold out hope for a new storyline, and I think a nice attempt has been made here, thus far. Please, if you buy this, judge it on its own merits, and not that of other games. This is a cod remake intended for COD fans in my opinion, if you do like other games like Titanfall or whatnot, then yes, you will probably be dissapointed on this front, as the storyline repeats, much like previous CODs. 3) Overall, I would say this game is worth a try, but maybe at half the price it's at, if not simply free. There is definitely something to be said about the developers perhaps needing to have considered keeping this at a free-to-try beta until they fixed the glaring issues so many have spoken of, that really do take away from the COD experience. I personally am a little peeved to have been forced to pay around $90AUD for a half-finished product that was not even released as fully updated or stable. I will finish this point by only saying this: I hope to GOD someone decides to patch this properly, as the game has potential, and it is sad to see it going down the drain because of things, that in my experience are simply performance issues, rather than completely to do with the game content itself.Conclusion: Good game, solid concept, but please, please.. work on it more, there are many things that take away from the game, that could probably be adressed fairly quickly and easily. As a COD fan, it does hurt me to have to not reccommend this game simply because it is clunky and overpriced for what you are getting. As a game, is it bad? No, it's pretty damn decent, for what I'd expect from COD games. Is this bad as a paid-for product? Yes, not worth it to me, when you pay for what feels like a half-finished, rushed product that could probably have used more time on the workbench before being put into the hands of the paying public. I will still give the game a thumbs up, but only because I would like to see this product worked on more, before providing a final verdict.
This is one of the first games I have bought when it was released, mainly as a result of getting a new pc and wanted to test out a new title. Had loads of fun playing it and pretty impressed with the game in general. A great addition to playing was using the HTC Vive just as a monitor. Was epic. :D
So, lets start with the campaign : it is in my opinion, the best one since modern warfare 3.It is rich, has very good storytelling and gets very emotional plenty of times.If you are buying it for the singleplayer, go for it.the multiplayer:its really fun, i wont deny. But all those supply drops and salvage points that you have to play hours for only a bit, are really frastuating, and should be obtanable far more easily. since launch (2.5 weeks) havnt got any epic weapons.So if you like the cod multiplayer but dont rushing about getting all weapons and skins, etc.. I would say its one of the best multiplayer experiance of the cod franchise.and finally the zombies : They really took a different direction from treyarch. They are trying something new' a more humor, funny and colorful approach to the gameplay, something that wasnt done before.
This game is literally the best Futuristic COD Game I Have ever played! And I have played all the COD Games!Call of duty is going in the best direction possible. COD Is a 'fan' based company! If they make a game, and people dont like it, those people aren't fans and in my opinion they shouldn't even buy it and have cods site blocked and shouldnt enter steam COD pages to see the game!!!!Now for the fans, this game is awesome, you'll love it and the modes are as always the best over battlefield! There are no huge maps, like BF1, OR SORRY, all the battlefields!!!!!!You can get the best gameplay with every single gun in the game! Which is why the game is so well balanced! Players with similar K/D ratio will face together and also Player with similar W/L ratio will play against each other.The gameplay is consistent!, I have looked into it that much, but I think PC had has dedicated servers, but even if it didn't, it wouldnt be a problem, because I have beastly internet!For the Performance on PC, the minimum requirements will have you run the game at 60fps, and if you fulfill the requirements by a mile your game will run at 91 fps! Even on everything turned off, because the FPS is capped, which they'll probably fix in the near future!I would totally recommend this game, and even though less players are on it, you should still buy it! Black Friday is here so get it then! MWR sucks as of now, I mean seriously? â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing 80 fov? Why dont you GFY!!!!!+WOULD BUY+SPEND A 100 BUCKS ON IT IF YOU HAVE TO
Played Infinite Warfare for a while. It's a good game and has a lot more content compared to the previous CODs. I personally HATE the jumping and futuristic stuff. The only reason that I bought this game was for MWR. Not many people play on PC though so it's hard to find a game. Infinite Warfare is an alright game just don't like the futuristic stuff, MWR's campaign was as great as I remember when I played it on my Wii years back, the multiplayer is good but kind of laggy on high settings considering my system should be able to run it. 8.666/10
Bought it for MWR
Better than Black Ops 3.
Blown away with the single player campaign, absolutely pulls you into the story. The graphics are stunning with no slow down, GTX 1070  3440x1440. Great AI, no bugs at all. Its been a while since I have been really impressed like this. Love it!
Campaign was a ton of fun I loved the use of custom classes so I can use any guns I found, and Specialist mode is a quite something, many moments of rage but still a ton of fun... I only feel that the zombies mode was quite the theme change but I am hoping to see more variety with new maps.
Its a really good game recommended
This game runs as smooth as butter. This game works out pretty well for me. I haven't tried MP or campagin yet as I've been additacted to the zombies mode. I get minor audio cuts from time to time but it's very enjoyable. But then again the system I'm currently running is a i3 and a GTX 660 Ti. When I build my new pc I can make a better judgment for this game.
this game is actualy realy good.... i didnt expect it to be this goodi find the gameplay realy satisfying and overall worth it
Don't know why people give that game a negative feedback...I think its a good game.I didnt tryed Campaing mod but multiplayer is very funny.The only problem that i'm having is poor optimization, but they are trying to optimize game right now and its keep getting better with driver and game updates.
How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
Recommend ONLY for: Zombies In Spaceland AND COD4 Remastered.Pros:Zombies In Spaceland is so much 1980s era retro inspired fun. Should be sold as a standalone productCOD4 remastered looks goodCODIW SP is pretty in places despite using the ancient ID tech its based onCons:Lots of niggly technical issues & ingame crashes even on my highend gpu (GTX1080)Way too many cutscenes both rendered & ingame engine which also stutter a LOT!Way too many press X on controller QTE's!Boring space combat misssions which are all the same more or less.Zombies in Spaceland + COD4 remastered are the best & ONLY reasons to buy this. CODIW SP is more of the same but feels tired & has so many annoying by design gameplay choices its a 1 & done campaign & a real slogfest to ever complete.
o jogo Ã© bom sim,se n se chamasse call of duty ia ter mais players,o cod4 remaster esta praticamente vasio e lagado,o infinite esta Bem otimizado,ping bom,e tem pessoas pra jogar ainda.
Having just completed the story mode I have to say that it's a return to form for the COD franchise. Some people have complained that it is just another formulaic re-run of all COD games but while that is true to a certain extent, isn't that why we play the games? Familiarity is comforting and feels nostalgic but where Infinte Warfare stands out is when the massive set pieces play out on such a grand scale you can't help but sit back and admire them. The addition of flying through space and getting down and dirty in dogfights is excellent. One thing the discerners will be unable to negatize is the sheer non-stop pace of the story, which is breathless and makes you feel the pressure of the characters to get the job done. While it will always be an on rails shooter I thank the developers for sticking to what the majority of gamers want.... frantic shooter pacing, great set pieces, a cracking storyline and a few hours of sheer fun. Many thanks to the COD team and keep on entertaining us!
I have been playing this game for a while (2weeks) i have loved this game. i know people still love / Hate it but try the game u can sell it anyways get money back , its a good game but not anything like Bo3 which is the best futuristic game (my opinion) maybe Dont Dislike because u suck like hell stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttin about that ITS THE SAME AS AW u all know its not like that at all its freaking enoying maybe its people who likes games like this but Think cus of the Dislike Hate they wont buy it WHY WHY TRY TO UNDERSTAND u cant just say AAAA IT SUCKS BALLS JUST BECAUSE U SUCK IN AIMINGTHUMPS IP IF U AGREE AND MAKE A REVIEW UR SELF
First of all, forget all the negative reviews.This campaign on this installment has been vastly overshadowed by the negative reception of this title.The campaign from start to finish is great including the Jackal missions (several of which are optional) I have just finished the campaign and after swearing i'd never buy a COD title again after playing Black Ops 3, I have loved every minute of this.The multiplayer aspect isn't for me I prefer the MW remaster as i'd rather have the old school shooter of COD at my finger tips.people will say it's bland, people will say its trash, people will say that this is the same boring stuff every year. That is someone's perception, Yes it's the same because there is really only a few things they can change as the core element of the game is foremost an FPS, same with any title with a 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 at the end of the name. We are in a generation where fps games are hitting 2 decades worth of trying to reinvent the wheel so of course its going to feel repetitive and people will complain it's the same old same. If this is you then maybe it's time you change your genre of game and go play games that you haven't played in the last 10+ years.If you complain about this game and you have say 5 years of gaming experience then i'd presume your views are tainted with the perception of everyone else, Year after year since Black Ops 2 came out people hate that it isn't the same as MW2 and yet COD titles are still the biggest selling franchise of FPS games to date. Battlefield being the games main competitor is beginning to let it slip, Everyone is ranting and raving about BF1 WW1 setting and i personally cant stand using old tech.This game doesn't get the credit it deserves because it was hated on before it got a chance to get out.I don't think it's outstanding but i do think the game is a solid 6.5/10 which for COD title well into a 10 year tenure isn't bad.I hope people actually read this and take it into consideration.Thanks
Zombie mode isn't a thing I really play on any cod apart from the WAW days. Final Score Solid 8.5/10People will probably down vote, they seem to stalk call of duty reviews and discussions for no apparent reason apart from trolling as there is no other reason to, you don't like the game fine, walk away....
I enjoy the game greatly as I do with all of my COD games. The story is great as well as the level length and content. Bugs are still an issue but all in all a good game. An update for campaign would be nice as I would like to finish Operation Burn Water without experiencing looping therefore not being able to finish it.
COD: IW is a suprisingly great multiplayer experience, with piles of content to dig through, the story is fantastic too, one of the best SP campaigns in COD!
GG
The game is ok
Don't care what the haters say. This game is frickin' beautiful in 4K.
Excelent zombies map... like I said map not plural. I can't wait till the zombies DLC comes out for Call of Duty Inifnite Warfare.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is a ok call of duty in my option tho i do hate supply drops so much and boost jumps but the story of the campaign is very good and call of duty 4 is a very good remastererd and i like the zombies and please no more call of duty in the future my rate 8/10
Runs really smooth since the update Awesome game !!!
Subscribe to my YouTube channel for my reveiw: AUTO SH1FT
I don't know why there is soo much hate towards this game!Infinity Ward did an awesome job with the Futuristic Genre. They brought the Campaign back on track (after BO3's, which was absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥. People complain about Multiplayer, however, i think it is extremely exciting, fast-paced and enjoyable. It is a STYLE of game, its not going to change completely (for you ♥♥♥♥♥y players who complain about same old♥♥♥♥♥♥. Zombies in Spaceland is completely INCREDIBLE, gameplay is fluid, map is awesome, and new style of game is extremely diverse and fun. In my opinion, following AW, Ghosts and BO3, Infinite Warfare has surpassed my expectations, and been an "Up" following a line of bad or semi-good CoD games. Keep it up Infinity Ward.My overall score:  8.5/10, just because it is hard to find MP games, but that is NOT the company's fault
This game is actually pretty good after the patches.
Hated on too much just because of the name. I've been having a ton of fun with it and that's all that matters imo. Graphics are good, it runs good and feels great, Zombies is really cool, the story mode is very micheal bay as you'd expect and multiplayer is good enough to keep you going untill the next installment comes out. MWR on the other hand.... i have a pretty beast PC (I7-4930k)(GTX 980ti)(32gbRAM) and i can barely max this out at 2160x1080... the mouse sensitivity is broken due to mouse smoothing or something and the multiplayer takes wayyyy to long too matchmake. untill they fix that i will be giving this a final review score of 7/10 untill i play abit more campaign and zombies aswel. But! when you look at what other games are out right now getting something like Battlefield 1 is probably the smarter choice in the long run. I'd recommend Titanfall 2 but i have not had enough time with it
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare MULTIPLAYER REVIEW + ZOMBIESPros for Multiplayer* What Black Ops 3 Should have been* Feels like it actually the "Future" instead of just jetpacks* Very fast paced* Graphics are better overallPros for Zombies* Fun and New* Graphics are better overall* Fun characters* Its not like ghosts with "aliens"Cons for multiplayer* Kinda hard to learn* If you dont like Kill, die, kill, die, kill, die don't buy it for TDM or FFACons for Zombies* None so far
Great game
nice gamenice graphics but i think, it lack the story and i've had finnish this game in just 15 hours on hard difficulty. hahha i want more,more, more and more
Zombies: 5/5Multiplayer: 3/5SP: Never played.4/5 Would recommend :-D
if i allraedy have COD IW  but if i want MWR i need to buy the game one more time... why?
very fun but a lot of hackers
Don't listen to all the negative comments. Thats just a trend that started from youtube. If your seriously considering the game, get it! it is a lot of fun and the campagne is incredible. im 8th prestige on xbox and started playing it on pc because i always love pc graphics.
Not that bad,Despite the bad rep it's getting from idiots on the threads games really fun for a COD.It's the reviews that are scaring people.Campaign is decent and engaging compared to previous cods, decent VO's too.Multi is fun - tho population is a problem.Zombies is fun.
Multiplayer is okay I guess, but definitely not the best. Probably should have listened to the public and made it boots on the ground rather than giving everyone annoying♥♥♥♥♥jetpacks. Zombies is really fun however every game you play someone is afk. The reason for this is because it allows them to farm for keys.. It's just annyoing at this point. There needs to be a way to stop that♥♥♥♥♥♥ As for the campaign, it was also really fun. First time I've enjoyed the campaign more thann I enjoyed the multiplayer in a cod game. Now I dont know if that's because the campaign was really good or the multiplayer is really♥♥♥♥♥
Great game, much better than Blops III!Guns feel fowerful and not nerfed as Blops IIIGreat movement and speed.Maps are bigger than Blops IIIDon't understand the haters, this is a good game!
It has been a long time since I could recommend a Call of Duty game based solely on its campaign but Infinite Warfare breaks the trend. The campaign is invigorating. It mixes the space setting with the brisk and controlled shooting action for which the series is known. There is good diversity across the primary missions as players jump from Earth's moon to Saturn's moon for equally amazing sequences. If only the campaign was longer. Zombies mode is a lot of fun; tumbling through a theme park, turning on show rides that decimate undead hordes, is a good way to kill time. Multiplayer is probably the weakest link, despite it being fairly close to the action from last year. Maps get better in time but nagging online issues, waning populations, and weapon variants negate some of the fun. Nevertheless, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare will provide a varied and precise journey through our Solar System in one of the most enthralling campaigns in the franchise so far.
It has been a long time since I could recommend a Call of Duty game based solely on its campaign but Infinite Warfare breaks the trend. The campaign is invigorating. It mixes the space setting with the brisk and controlled shooting action for which the series is known. There is good diversity across the primary missions as players jump from Earth's moon to Saturn's moon for equally amazing sequences. If only the campaign was longer. Zombies mode is a lot of fun; tumbling through a theme park, turning on show rides that decimate undead hordes, is a good way to kill time. Multiplayer is probably the weakest link, despite it being fairly close to the action from last year. Maps get better in time but nagging online issues, waning populations, and weapon variants negate some of the fun. Nevertheless, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare will provide a varied and precise journey through our Solar System in one of the most enthralling campaigns in the franchise so far.
Nice well done job devs
sooo .. Sure its not the most 10/10 game of all time but damn .. its not that bad like are ppl saying .. actually i rly like it so for me 8.5/10 .. gg IW
Its Cod fun to wreak plenty of ez killz and ways to play but like bo3 if you use kb+m there is weird input lag you dont get in cs/ow or any other real fps made for pc. That bugs me a lot. i got sick of it in bo3 and in this game it feels worse, same with MWR. if you wana buy a shooter like this get Titanfall 2
Have some extra money? Already own every other fps and hate yourself just a tinny little bit? Then this is for you!
***** 5 Star Rating, Very under rated gameOnly bad point, not enough players and too many hackers :)
Ok dont get all the fuss, this game is fun.  I really enjoy it, now dont get me wrong, it took a min. for me to like it.This game is getting a bad rap for sure, it will grow on you if you give it a chance. I know several people that have been haters of this game from the get go, but once they played it for a bit, they really enjoy it and changed their stance on it.The gameplay is faster than say Advanced Warfare, and faster than BO3.  I like that.  My only real gripes about the game is, the arrow keys on the keyboard, if used for movement, will get stuck and you have to double tap the key in order to get it to move again.  Now if you have a keyboard that allows you to change the bind's of the keys, you can bind the arrow keys to the WADS keys and it works fine.  Only drawback from that is, now you cant scroll side to side while in lobby to check out the other players stats and character selections, unless you bind the arrow keys to something else, because that uses the arrow keys for movement while in lobby.The other one is the fps lock at the 91.  wow really.... After the update, it has gotten lots smoother.  So give it a try, you will change your mind, and you will end up putting in some hours.  Im sure as the updates keep coming other things will change, but as for now, i like it.Single player is just ok in my book, but it still kept me interested, and not bored.Dont understand all the hate this game is generating, and how some people are leaving negative reviews, because they didnt like the lobby, or the settings layout.  Really?
I don't like to listen to people that want to tell us which games are good or bad. I liked the game but seriously wtf does the camera really have to shake 24/7 in this game?? :C I had to take pauses because I felt like I have to puke after every mission wtf
The game itself is good, a lot of people think it is S**t but it is still really good. I've been out of call of duty since black ops 2 and this game just brought me back into it.
This is my favourite Call of Duty of all time. I love Sci-fi and can honestly recommend this game so much. I bought this game solely for the campaign experience and it was amazing. Definitely worth 90 AUD. Flying through the moons of Jupiter and battling on Mars and in Space is unbelievably entertaining.
Everyone wants to hop on the hate train for this game without even playing it. I normally don't even write reviews, but due to all of the hate, I feel the need to. I'll start with the negatives. Cons - Low quality net code compared to other PC shooters. Games like Overwatch and BF1 outperform COD by a large margin. BUT, this game has BETTER net code than BO3, so keep that in mind. 91 FPS cap. This doesn't particularly bother me, but there is no reason to make an FPS cap.Occasional stuttering in Multiplayer matches. Happens maybe once every other game, where i get zero FPS for about a half second. People who aren't already into COD multiplayer probably won't like the COD multiplayer. The game keeps getting more complex and I don't think it is very inviting for new players. Okay, negatives aside, what are the Pros?I have 700+ hours in the BO3 Multiplayer, and hundreds of more hours spread across other COD multiplayers, and i find this multiplayer to be particularly enjoyable so far. I went into the multiplayer with no enthusiasm, but after 20 hours of gameplay or so, i realized that i was genuinely enjoying the game. I think that the multiplayer is well balanced and well done overall. The creators of the Multiplayer probably had a lot of fun with the game, adding in a few classic weapons from MW2 and MW3 that look and feel just like their old versions. Optimization - For my PC personally, this game runs smoother than BO3 and AW. I have it on max settings at 60+ FPS, and i could not do that on the previous 2 CODs. The game looks graphically amazing, compared to the cartoony look of BO3. Zombies mode - SO MUCH FUN. I enjoy Trayarch zombies, but they always had a more serious tone, and with the way that the zombies maps were made, there was a lot of grinding involved to get set up. You ALWAYS had to spend 30 minutes to an hour watching youtube videos before you could even attempt to do well at all in a Treyarch zombies map. In the new zombies, it's so relaxed and fun. Everything is goofy and laid back. It isn't supposed to be taken seriously, and on top of that, it is probably one of the most fleshed out Zombies experiences i've ever had. There is so much more to do in this zombies mode than there ever was in any treyarch zombies, and it is all fun and easy to pick up on. The Campaign - I don't like playing COD campaigns. The last Campaign i enjoyed was World at War. The cinematic experience in that game was bar none. The last three Campaigns that i at least tried (BO2, Ghosts, and BO3) I ended up not finishing. IW's campaign, however, is an experience that drove me to finish it and pulled emotion out of me. And it was not the same linear experience that I was used to. It involved side missions and other decisions, giving it a never before seen felxability. That's all that i can say about it, you have to experience it first hand. TL;DR - If you liked BO3, get this game. It's a good one. It recieved a lot of hate for no reason other than falling into an unfortunate downward trend that the internet all got in on. Multiplayer - 8/10  (On par with BO3, with better net code/hit detection)Zombies - 9/10  (I am a treyarch zombies nerd, and I actually enjoy this zombies more than treyarch zombies)Campaign - 8/10  (This is coming from someone who generally HATES COD campaigns)
So I have reached prestige 1, and have had a taste of everything that Infinite Warfare has to offer. Now I will start off by saying this: do not purchase this game if you played other titles before Black Ops 2. You'll get very frustrated by the speed of the game, and will find yourself lost and confused. Just wait until Modern Warfare Remastered is released as a standalone title and play that. This is the first ultra-futuristic title that I have seen that doesn't include aliens, a welcoming change to the FPS genre, though the game does heavily feel like that I'm playing Halo 5. The MOBA style specialists from BO3 is here, in the form of rigs. These rigs don't vary much in terms of design, and don't have any personality, designed to look as though they're ruthless killing machines. Although I do enjoy the mixup of payload weapons and abilities that they have, which mixes perfectly with the trait system.The weapons, are a direct mixup between balistic and energy weapons. Some classic weapons have been thrown in as well, including my favourite the M1. Some of these weapons handle the same, offering little difference between them. After a while of using the same weapon, you'll notice the differences, however they are very suttle. All your typical lethals and tacticals are here too, with a couple of new varieties.  Majority of the time, I don't find myself using these at all due to the speed of the game. The camo system is of something to be of a serious challenge. Your typical primary weapon will exhibit 200 kills, then 160 headshots (yeah, worse than AW), then specific challenges. Though as you complete a certain number of headshots, you'll unlock the ability to unlock another task specific camo. I find the 160 headshots to be rather tedious, but hardcore makes this challenge somewhat easier.Overall, it's a decent FPS with room for improvement. I have barely touched Zombies mode or the Campaign, but will update if need to be.- Jockman
I have only played the single player so far, I know it's usually meant for MP. But I like Campaign.Story is a typical Sci-fi fantasy, easily predictable and generic/bland in the end.Characters have little depth, except between the main protagonist (Reyes) and Salter.If you just do main missions, the story is quite short, but with some side missions it adds a little diversity but not enough to continue playing.You are pretty much jumbled between a handful of different mechanics played throughout the whole campaign.The one thing that I really enjoyed was the art and scenery. The setting changes enough that it captivates to the eye. I only wish there more missions across the solar system.Overall thoughts, it's worth playing just for the scenery, otherwise it is a pretty generic story.
*Obligatory CoD sucks comment*But in all seriousness, from what I've played so far, I'm really enjoying it to my very great surprise. The singleplayer still suffers from the old corridor, generic, wait for NPCs crap, but it's interest and aesthetically I think it's great!The multiplayer is more or less just Black Ops 3 again, only with a crafting system now. From what i can tell, you can salvage items you that get duplicates of and then make other items. I'm unsure if there any sort of disparity in the quality, whether some items are better than other. If this is true this could be a real problem later on. I can understand the arguments against this game as it does feels very same-y as the previous game. However as a person who enjoyed my time with Black Ops 3, this is just as much fun for me.I can't yet comment on the zombies yet as I haven't tried it but I've been told it's possibly the best part of Infinite Warfare.EDIT: Having proceeded more into the singleplayer campaign, I have to say geniunely. Best Call of Duty campaign they have EVER made. SO much effort gone into this. I don't want to start any sort of rage war or flaming session, but this campaign s**ts all over Battlefield 1's campaign in my opinion. By a HUGE margin!
I like the game
very good
This game is receiving a lot of hate and it doesn't really deserve it at all.Now to start off i play COD for zombies mainly so that's where i will start.For this game they really went all in on zombies. this has the feel from treyarch zombies. the game feels completely fresh and this makes the games overall feel very satisfying.They removed the gobblegums and added the Fate and Fortune cards. this is a big step in the right direction as gobblegums where OP and Fate and Fortune cards are not useless but in fact very good while not giving you insane abilitiesFor the multiplayer, i must say i am a bit sad that they could not make this a more satisfying experience. the overall feel in multiplayer is very poor. This might be nitpicking but the color scheme is really boring. and i find that to bring down the whole experience. And i must say im not very pleased with the whole Wall Running and boosting in this game. but this is a kind of individual thingThe campaign is just like any other COD game. Tho i must say i am quite impressed with the visuals of this game. i find myself looking out at the amazing view that is presented while playing the campaign.Final words.If you are a Zombies fan. you should 100% buy this.Multiplayer fan. Its 50, 50. if you liked the Titanfall style jumping you might like this.Overall a nice game.
why infinity ward why please almost every day i hear on youtube a new update has come out like cod points but it isnt in the game and i heared you guys gave fixed issues with the zombies spawning directly after afterlife still isnt patchet on pc and the afterlife on solo you guys say it wil be open on solo well gues what i watch a stream of mrdalek in an example and it is good but on pc you guys dont do a♥♥♥♥♥♥please fix this hell of a issue!
its fun but not good but fun
Am I playing Halo?
Call Of Duty Single Player campains used to be LONG, however now if you get 8 hours you are doing well. I can understand why there is so much negative feedback and myself included started off by feeling that it was too far removed from what is Call of Duty, then I thought hold on a minute. If this was another game without the call of duty branding you would be describing it as a thrilling shooter with one set piece after the other that involves getting your own spaceship to command and battles in space.Sounds good to me.Ok so it is set in the future and yes feels both similar a different to the last Call of Duty game but seeing the end credits roll i felt like Yes I like it.The guns and new tech feel good to use and the games maps when in space or on a planet make you think wow. Graphicaly it looks great on a 4k monitor running at a steady 60FPS (Nvidia 1080).The story is good and you can see that they have tried to get you caring about your charachter/s.Overall A good game but never worth the £80 with season pass. If you get this game for the single player campain only then £15 - £20 would be a good fit.
Positives=I think that this a nice Call of Duty. You must like the movement and the futuristic weapons, Rigs etc. . The multiplayer is what you would expect of a Call of Duty. Fast paste and exiting. Replay value is great because of the multiplayer. Zombies is also great and very addicting. Negatives= 91 Fps cap, many frame drops from like 91 to 60 and the missing support/updates. Consoles already have them like a week and PC has nothing yet. That really bothers me. If the support gets better it would be even better tho.
The game is well made ( unlike BO3 , that many ppl tend to compare it to this game )Reason ? Here is why :-Excellent hit detection-You are rewarded for playing the game with variants earned only via the MT -Gun balance is good even by release standards-controls are smoothSadly many people are too negative about the game , while having barely a few hours of gametime or even none at all . I think this is a good game once you get used to it and you start actually doing well . Funny thing is 99% of the people that say " the game is bs " are the ones who have KDs like below 0.5 and do bad in all games despite the guns , perks and rigs they use . It's them they are bad not the game
to be 100% with you guys this game has its faults. but lets face it there are very few games out there these days without some you don't want/like. Overall i think this game is a very solid itteration of the call of duty series.i have not had any of the problems that other people have faced playing this game.If your a fan of the modern style call of duty games this is one for you. plenty of polish went into making this game play the way it does. i have to say my favorite since MW3
The campaign is great , one of the best stories in the COD history I will give it 8/10Multiplayer is okay, it is very fun and fast paced.The bad thing is the boosting but I don't mind. Some people say it is too fantasy and too futuristic but I still don't mind.l will give this a 7/10.The zombies from what I have seen, it looks pretty fun but I am not a zombies type of guy and have not played that mode yet but I will play it........if I have time lol.i will give this a 7/10. I know people will say I'm stupid because zombies is better than multiplayer but I I'm not a zombies type of guy so I gave it a 7/10.Overall the same is grat I am also loving the nuke's return.but this is my opinion so don't judge...pls
I wonder why I even played this for 200 hours.
Can't  WAit to Play it :)
I honestly dont know why all the negative posts. Its not that bad. It could be optimized a little better, but for the most part.... this is the best COD ported pc game theyve made. Havent played campaign. Multiplayer was rough for awhile, but like any COD game, you will get destroyed until you learn spawns and map. Once i hit lvl 30 MP it gets pretty fun. It doesnt have many bugs surprisingly for it only being out a few weeks. I am big Blops 1 zombies fan.... I can easilly say these zombies are even better. You dont have to be try hard entire time not to die, much easier to go to higher rounds. Easier to unlock PAP, weapon kits are OP, fate and fortune cards are pretty much like gobblegum from Blops3. Overall i woulld say MP 8/10. < Coming from xbox one COD veteran. I have stout PC so PC port matters alot... Like i saidd its really not bad at all. You will get sshit on early in MP, but it does grow on you after some time invested. I say give it a go. No other good games out or will be out for awhile.OVERALL- ZOMBIES 10/10-CAMPAIGN ??-MULTIPLAYER 8/10
So far I've played everything but the campaign and I am loving it. Haven't played a COD game since black ops 2 but this game has me loving it. The multiplayer is different than the COD games I'm used to and definitly takes a few matches to get the hang of. Once you start to understand the sliding and thrusters it becomes really new, fun, and exciting. Its been getting  a lot of hate lately and I did hate it at first too, but now I'm enjoying it. The unique or special guns out of the supply drops really do not make the multiplayer that unbalanced as far as I've noticed. No problems with hackers either.  The game runs smoothly at just about max settings on my gtx 970, i5 4460, 16gb ram. I have not gotten into the zombies too much yet but it has been really fun. Not as fun as W@W or black ops zombies though. MWR is a great blast to the past and an exact clone of the original only with better graphics. I will have to say that it is not a well optimized port but with some tweaks in the setting you can get it running pretty well. Only complaint is the player base in kinda small but have no problem finding a match. I'm not sure how this title stacks up to the recent CODs but for someone who wants to jump back into the series, this is a great game. I think most people will have lots of fun with this one.
i came in expecting nothing and i was plesently surprised. I dont think it deserved all the hate the new zombies is great
i came in expecting nothing and i was plesently surprised. I dont think it deserved all the hate the new zombies is great
Pretty good game surprisingly, the only issue is that kill time has not been adjusted, it is way to quick with this new fast past movement.
Think about it, they mainly and put all their effort in the campaign more than multiplayer. lol not gonna lie the campaign was pretty good except the bad performace and stupid wall running...I recommend this game for the campaign, not the multiplayer. Took me about 10 hours to complete the campaign. (without rushing)
i think tis a great   game buy it
Doesnt deserve the hate it's recieved, i'v enjoyed singleplayer and hopefully an updated multiplayer will end up being awesome. Hopefully they can graphically update it as well. All in all Infinite Warfare is a fun shooter and better than BO3 IMO.
Here is a over all review:Zombies - 10/10 would buy 10 types of grenades againCampagin - 8/10 would do side quests againMultiplayer - 2/10 would never go over 5 kills againBut the mulyiplayer is really bad.  There are hackers. When you join a lobby it is filled with hardcore lvl 50 gamers.  And if there not hard core there hackers.Overall rating - 7/10
"Oh, no an other Call of Duty game, I'm so sick of this game already!" Ok, ok your choice. I don't see it that way. Call of Duty games in general do deliver some great, intense first-person-shooter experience. So if you like FPS games in general you will not get disappointed, I promise! Now it's Infinity Wards turn to be the host of this year's CoD with thier "Infinite Warfare". The game is quite similar to Sledgehammer's "Advance Warfare" and Treyarch's "Black Ops 3" in ways like thrust-jumps and new techs. This CoD delivers new combat rigs with their own special weapons that you can use like in Black Ops 3. Some maps have influences from MW3, in my opinion, but in a new fashion way. New cool weapons, a weapon rank system their you can unlock common, rare, legendary and epic with their own extra specialty. This game is fun to play with friends!Don't forget to try the zombie mode!8.5/10
campaignâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥br>zombies awesomeonline meh not enough players plus the people that play are hardcore gamers and are way too good
This review based on my opinionI'll make it short and clear as much as I can1. Campaign Mode - Side quests was added for you to unlock perks for the main mission that you can choose to skip (without any effect)- There are many pilot parts for you to play that I really don't like.- Story is quite impressive (8/10)2.Multiplayer Mode- First, This game who has the best connection they will mostly win a gun fight, so you need a decent internet with uplaod speed for me (Thailand) it's 200/50 it's good enough to join the battle but I hardly beat japanese and korean. So, if you don't have a decent upload please skip this game for your own sake.- You come with party it increases rate for you to be a host. (This game is P2P server)- Server is crownded with japanese players if you were japanese I encourage you to play this.- This CoD:IW atmosphere is alike CoD:BO3 but I think this is more fluid than BO3.- Train hard and spawn prediction is required and you will enjoy the game so much. You can learn tips from the internet or from this community guides.- But Bad things are these, First, They are number of cheaters that use wall hack + aim hack + other hack here when you found them jsut report and they will leave the lobby. Second, it's hard to find a lobby after midnight (It's not a CS:GO) so you have to get over it.Conclusion- I recommend you guys to buy this if you have a decent internet upload speed. Let's grow this community together.- For those who has low upload speed no need to regret to skip this title becase it doesn't worth your money.
GET IT WHEN IT COMES ON SALE! The game is fun there is also lots of customisation. Takes a little getting used to because it's extremely fast paced. I honestly would advise everyone to get it when it comes out on sale. The worse case scenario is that you refund it. But just give the game a chance.
nice one
NOTE: This review is made as of November 16, without any patch having been released. Thus, things could change in the future.Infinite Warfare is actually a great game, don't let the negative reviews fool you. It has issues, but we're still in the early stage. It's too early to write off the game. And I'm gonna tell you just why you should pick up the game:The IW Campaign is by far one of the best COD campaigns ever created, and for good reason. Helmed by two former Naughty Dog developers who now join the ranks of Infinity Ward as Narrative Director and Studio Design Director, these guys have helped to craft a solid, beautiful, emotional campaign. This is a redeeming factor for IW after the shamble that was Ghosts. My only complaint was a lack of development for the antagonist, Salen Kotch. But Kit Harington still manages to make him shine.The multiplayer is, for the most part, a more polished extension of Black Ops III's MP. That may sound like a bad thing if you have been burned out of BO3, but the experience is still unique enough to keep you interested. Now, if you're not informed enough, then here's something you should know: weapon variants are in this game, but they are nowhere near as OP as people make them sound like. They do have bonus stats, but provide very little advantage in comparison to the base weapons. And yes, COD Points will be making their way onto the PC version soon. I'm not telling you how to spend your money, but do spend them wisely.Zombies is a rather surprising part of Infinite Warfare. Infinity Ward actually made a Zombies map that could rival Treyarch in terms of gameplay. It's fun, it's unique, and it's challenging, while still providing new players an opportunity to learn. Obviously, balancing still needs to be done to make the map the best it can be, but I have faith in IW to pull it off.Now for the part you all want to hear: the PC performance. As of the moment I'm writing this, the PC version runs smooth as butter, but at the same time is plagued with quite a few issues. Frame rate caps of 125 in campaign and 91 in MP and Zombies, mouse movement issues, among other things. Now, it's still too early to call it off, so please do give it some time before you decide whether it's worth buying.Lastly, Modern Warfare Remastered. Now I'm amazed at what Raven did with this game. It looks stunning and beautiful, and the campaign is just as fun as how I remembered it. But the sad part is, the MP gameplay is still as unbalanced as ever. Don't let the nostalgia blind you: if you're not fine with weapons having damage bonus, then you should not be fine with this game at all. A rifle that can kill you in one burst of 3 rounds, combined with a perk that boosts your damage by 40%? Nah, screw that.In conclusion: I recommend buying Infinite Warfare for campaign and Zombies, but MP players may want to stick to BO3 for a while. Also will not recommend Legacy Edition at all. Either standard or Deluxe, folks. You'll get much better value out of those two packages.
This is a great game so is cod 4 remasted..with infinite warfare they did a good job balancing everything and the movement feels smooth unlike advanced warfare..
*Single Player Campaign Review*The single-player campaign is the culmination of Infinity Ward's best efforts. Previous titles had rail thin plot, shallow character, and little ability to keep one engaged. However, IW puts all that to rest. I've never been more impressed with their use of plot, cinematic spectacle, and character. What makes IW great is beneath all the glitz-and-glamor, the twitch-action FPS shooter roots are still there. Put all this together and what comes out is a game that feels like a 5-star sci-fi war series released on Netflix. The whole season is released and I'll be damned if I leave my seat before glassing the surface of Mars. There are legitimate criticisms leveled at the single-player campaign, but compared to its blockbuster-AAA rival, I'd choose a Jackal armed with 20mm Dragonflies over a horse and a sword any day. Yes. The single player is that much better than BF1's. Its 1v1 space-superiority figher ship vs horse better.If you want a tightly-paced, well-designed, elite-military-sci-fi-opera-badass-action-hero-simulator with a casually sloped learning curve, IW is where it's at. However, if you're looking for a more tactical/stealth based single-player experience, with no discernable plot, a heavy handed "you should give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about history" theme, and a realistic experience of how horrible it feels to slowly slog through knee deep blood mud, go with the competition.COD IW has completely embraced its own identity. Infinity Ward has crafted something genius despite the wide ranging criticisms it recieves on a daily basis. The tiny details that catch your attention between the caucohphony of galactic combat are what sets apart IW from its predecessors and even its competition. Its the small moments: When the boatswain rings an arcahaic bell, salutes, and announces "captain on deck!" every time you walk the bridge. When the dialogue hits the perfect balance between tacticalese and hero-banter making you feel like war is ez. When you feel respect for a Marine when he starts treating your  8 foot assasin-robot as a friend and not a tool. When the SDF hits hardest when your guard is down. When one second you're shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥with your XO, the next you're truly dying. When its the first time, in a long time, you hope this Call of Duty character doesn't die like this.The well thought out weapon design shines in tense moments, when your primary's low, you're taking fire from some super-collosal OP Mars Gundam robot thing, you snag a bloody half-mag Martian SMG from some SDF soldier missing his face, and fuitly return fire. From the moment you pick up a weapon for the first time, you know exactly how its gonna fire, how it should be used, and if you're ♥♥♥♥ed.  There's a dialoge box in the upper right that gives you specifics, but I rarely found myself in a position to ponder details when I'm dropping my mission kit for another.  The way a gun lookcs, fits in your hand, and even the mag size is all trickle up designed with IW's gameplay in mind.I could say otherwise for IW's counterpart.This sounds like a circle-jerk CoD fanboy preaching to the choir, I'll admit that. But, to be fair, for the longest time I was one of the elitest tactical/competitive FPS players. I've spent a thousand hours in CSGO, rippin on scrubs to go play the♥♥♥♥♥♥tier COD FPS. I've rode on the Battlefield train since 1942 and wanted everything but success for the series. But unfortunately, it seems the train's been off the tracks since BF3. It feels that Battlefield is to be going through an identity crisis. Up until BF1, the singleplayer campaigns of the series were, at the least, enjoyable and uniquely battlefield. But now, when people think of Battlefield there seems to be a nebulous nature to the thought. What exactly IS Battlefield? It once was a full-spectrum modern war FPS but now it feels more like a poorly disguiesed history lesson. "Aha! You're participating in trench warfare! Isn't it horrible?! WWI is totally hip and relevant! Look at all these famous people playing it! Respect history!"  Its like your highschool World History teacher who tries too hard to make you care. Herein is the problem. You can use Gordon Ramsey-class icing to dress a♥♥♥♥♥♥cake, but at its core its still a♥♥♥♥♥♥cake. Character-driven lone wolf stealth missions aren't battlefield. It never was. Why the hell is it 80% of the single player campaign? The other 20% is spent piloting a plane held together by engine grease and paper mache or on foot defending a tank made of glass. Battlefield 1 feels like Dice forcing its brand as "bleeding-edge," "different than CoD," "I listen to P.O.S. not mainstream Drake. I'm edgy. So play me." In such fervernt pursuit of being fresh, different, and innovative, Dice lost sight of what made Battlefield a success. It lost its core. It forgot what made Battlefield the "mature-post-puberty FPS shooter."BF1's single player was designed to make you feel small. Insignifcant, and alone, against a machine you aren't supposed to beat. One could say that the single-player had a Lovecraftian mood, "Oy Player, our♥♥♥♥♥♥tank Betty just took a dump the size of a full-grown stag. Here's the plan: You're to go on a solo stealth mission to infiltrate the enemy occupied city down the hill, while the remaning 5 of us will have a jolly wank and spot of tea.  Take this iron-sighted bolt-aciton BB gun, 4 pellets, and a bayonet. Btw, by enemy, we mean Chutulu. Good Luck,♥♥♥♥♥♥" You're kept on your toes throughout the soldier based ground missions, but for the wrong reason. You'll die, but you don't know why. You'll play by the rules, but it turns out, that isn't even fun. In the end you'll find a way to break the intended game constraints just to get the mission over with. Horseback solo stealth mission in the Arabian desert? Howbout, grab the light tank before the enemies spawn in? When the player's resolve is to beat the game and not enjoy it, the game no longer becomes fun. Its a ♥♥♥♥ing chore-challange. Overall, BF1's single player feels like a poorly disguied tutorial wrapped in poorly designed stealth puzzles meant to substitute true enaging gameplay.BF1 Single player: The poorly written manual from that off-brand thing you got off a shady Amazon Prime deal.But I digress.Infinite Warfare's singleplayer is a cinematic rollercoaster that's so thrilling, you'll hop back in line to ride it once more. Maybe another. CoD knows exactly what it is, and has no shame for it. Its balls to the wall, edge of your seat, white knuckle action. It doesn't teach you history. It doesn't tell you war is hell. It doesn't bloat itself with period-accurate deliberately unbalanced weaponry. What Infinate Warfare does, is something that other game companies can only dream of: Certainty. Its the certainty that every Call of Duty game will be exactly what it says it will be. You know exactly what you're dropping that $60-$75. Not some shill of period game. (Battlefield Vietnam/2142 flashbacks anyone?) IW is undoubtably Call of Duty. Its this infallable understanding of what I'm getting which makes IW deserving of praise. Not only does IW warfare deliver on its CoD single-player promise, it defies expectation.  IW's single-player is a tightly-placed and detailed sci-fi war opera that could only be pulled off by a team that buckled down on its success, embraced its core identity, and challlanged itself to do better. Through this, it defied expecations, disrupted the FPS genre meta, and converted a long time gamer who had his chips on the opposition. Need to feel like a badass after getting rekt in CSGO? Sell your skins and your well-worn safari-mesh butt plugs. Don't forget what gaming is about: time well spent. Lest we forget: Fun isn't found on a leaderboard.  Well done, Infinity Ward. Damn good job.
Should you buy this game? Yes.This is a very fun game. The campaign is good. The Multiplayer is very enjoyable and time-eating.BUT. Way over-priced. The DLC is 40 quid? Get out.Speaking of getting out, there are a few MP ommisions from this title which is annoying.No theatre?No chat outside of a game? (other than voice, but who doesn't insta-mute everyone as soon as you here a single crackle from a $4 microphone)No medals?No player count within game types? (I love sitting in an empty lobby. It reminds me of going to a job interview for a company a day early in the wrong country on the moon)For a franchise that has made close to the GDP of Europe, there is just not enough thought going into this game. I've tried most of the guns, but the starter guns just rips people downside up and leftfoot headshot, so what a waste of skins.One last negative, the COD community still has a lot of wangheads in shouting "hacker" when they get pre-fired, but hey... that's gaming for ya!So yea, good game, but find it cheap online.
Say what you want about the CoD games, they look stunning everytime....I don't play CoD:MP because the concept in itself is flawed imho, so no recommendations there from me.About the single players campaign i guess the big CoD factory has rolled another one of the lines.What made me make this review is the fact that i'm absolutely thrilled with the MW remaster.Modern Warfare was such a great game at the time and it deserves a spot among the other in my steam list.Now that i have played a few levels again i can;t stop but notice how well it all fit together strung together with borrowed quotes from all your favorite action movies from the last century ^_^ i will leave the conclusion of CoD:IW in the middle, but the MW:remaster alone is worth it if you haven't played it yet.
Honestly, I was quite♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when CoD announced their next game would take place in the future. The last Black Ops adn Advanced Warfare were ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enough... The real fun CoD we all wanted was a continuation of the Modern Warfare series. But when the gameplay trailer came out, the game looked alright... I bought the game and decided to try it out: the campaign was simply brilliant! The characters were well-rounded and delved into. The only flaw was that this campaign felt too short. The multiplayer is not my type of multi, a bit too futuristic with the wall running and the overdrive and futuristic weapons. However, there is the UMP 45 and the P90 and M4(under different names). I'm not a huge fan of zombies, but as far as those go, this edition was pretty darn good. The gameplay is great, just like the graphics. To me, games are only as good as their stories, and this one is heartfelt and deep. A great mix of action, responsibility, and emotion in this game. 8/10 for me. HOpe activision can keep this up, though I wouldn't mind a more contemporary CoD.
Graphics are nice... game play is good.... multiplayer is suffering from aimbotters already :(
after spending 950 hours on zombies and and hitting lvl 999 doing all easter eggs and enjoying the hell out of the game i cant say anything else but THANKS IW AND LEE ROSS for IW ZOMBIES!  u guys the best cant wait for whatever iw and  lee do next!
8/10
PROS: Call of Duty 4 Remastered (if you pay 80 bucks for this game).CONS: Infinite war...It's a terrible console port capped at 30 fps nearly the whole game and then random DX11 crash errors.I have never seen a game with mediocre graphics take up 5.8gb of Vram on my 980 ti SLI and 10gb of system RAM.Only other game that comes close is Ark Survival Evolved (which is an unfinished game that is NOT optimized in any way).I can't believe they would release this game in such a state..... That's if you're playing the campaign. Multiplayer works fine and is amazing!Overall, I'd still recommend it. for $80 you get cod4 remastered and the multiplayer is still pretty stable on infinite warfare. Honestly, nobody buys COD for the 6 hour campaigns.
Fun if you don't like it then go play bf1
So, I'm playing this as someone who hasn't played CoD since Black Ops II. ...And I'm thoroughly impressed. It's very well optomized, runs well on my GTX 960M, and is rather interesting in terms of gameplay.The only complaint I'd have is that the two PC versions are not connected, meaning the player base seems smaller than it probably is.
This review is only for the SP campaign wich I thought was one of the best of the series. Good storyline that takes me back to Wing Commander mixed with The Expanse. Took 8 hours on first go I got the Legacy Edition and I thought there was good value for the price I paid (not full retail).
Not sure why all the haters say this is bad. Actually it is best call of duty I played in years. Only last one good I remember was Black Ops 2 and now this one. I have just played shortly, but it plays fine, maybe just shooting mechanics does not feel so good like for example in Titanfall 2 I finished recently. Generally I can recommend this one to all fans of FPS with grandeur notion.One thing which stands out is technical quality, which is not cream of the crop, but very nice indeed.Game looks great and actually started itself on DSR 4k by default even I have 1080p TV and runs around 50 fps on maximum detail on that resolution on my rig (i7 4790k 4.7 oc, 980ti, 16gb ram)I will add more detail later. My opinion is that game is critized many times only because its name is Call of Duty.
<33
This game makes me want Call Of Duty to succeed again.Honestly I genuinely enjoy this game; it really isn't that bad.Only downside is that PC has a small playerbase, so you tend to see the same people in lobbies throughout your playtime.Just play it and have fun.
This is the best cod in a long time, had a blast playing it, feels like the older cod when it was most fun to play.I dont understand where all the hate is coming from, haven't had any problems with the game so far.
good campaign, otherwise really crappy multiplayer. i've ticked recieved this product for free but its only because someone on /v/
Campaign: 9.0/10Multiplayer: 7.5/10Zombies: 7.0/10
It's a Call Of Duty game, so it's gonna feel like a Call Of Duty game of course.Don't be shocked by it.Breath deep.It's ok.I'm not a huge FPS player but I like Call Of Duty games because they keep me engaged with the unlock system that creates the ever-consistent feeling of "need to hit the next level." I can't do games without progression or unlockable traits or talents.I haven't really been running into problems with the game, and it's been fun. It feels great when you hit that sweet spot of finding a weapon you really like on a map you really like and you just start wrecking everyone. It's been pretty choice so far.I've noticed some... I believe it would be a netcode issue? I have taken actions on my screen and then noticed that on kill cam I never shoot, or duck, or whatever, right before dying.Overall It's not perfect but I'm having fun so why would I pitch a fit?
despite the bad press, i feel this is one of the best shooters i have played in a long time. would recommend the game.
Hello, First of all this game rocks, and all little spoiled brats that where spitting on this game can roll over and cry.Game has many improvements since last call of duty games. I personally find it really great that game sets out in space as MANY OF YOU DEMANDED! to be in previous games. Developers have just been following your wishes.Single player sucks as always in the time you spend in it but WTH everyone focuses on multiplayer now a days.Thank you for all these years of great games. Continue and never listen to haters :D
could pick this game apart like everyone else but at the end of the day it is a fun game with lots of content. There is a lot of fun to be had here.
Dont be afraid give it a go you might like it because i did
Now for this review I'm gonna start with the pro's then the cons.Pro's*The campaign is great! Has unique characters and a very good story line!*The zombies is terrific, has a lot of easter eggs to do, has a basic and non-confusing story line, and it's just basic fun to screw arround/have fun with friends!*The multiplayer will be in the cons's list but for the pro's. The supply drop and salvage system is great, the rare supply drops aren't as good but it's still pretty balanced. The varients are a bit overpowered but you could either earn it through supply drops or salvage. Finally it's a chaotic game which (IMO) is great!ConsThere is a ton of cons on my list that Infinity Ward will fix later on such as bugs and stuff.*The campaign is short which is quite dissapointing.*Now the multiplayer will be a big one, and that's the main thing for this game that needs to be worked on. The game does shutter and does lag, the PC port isn't as good unless you have a beast computer. The multiplayer cheat system is TERRIBLE, hackers are able to easily hack the game without being caught unless reported, the maps are very claustrophobic and it doesn't really fit in with your exo suit, the maps also have a lot of head glitches. No one plays multiplayer unless it's team deathmatch or terminal 24/7 (sometimes very rare).The game overall is great and I recommend it unless on sale or until they come out with patches that fix the games lag. Multilplayer needs to fixed on with the lag, same with zombies. My final opinion on the game is that multiplayer is my least thing in the game that I like mainly because of shutters, lag, and cheaters everywhere. But overall, buy this game, this game is good like I said, unless on sale. Thanks for reviewing :)
I do not understand why people were hating this game before coming out. No one knows what the game will be like until the game is actually out. For some reason the trailer for this game was the second most disliked video on youtube. That really makes no sense to me of why that even happened but then when the game comes out it has mixed reviews. But more people liked the game compared to people hating it in the reviews.For me this was actually a really good game for me. The campaign was awesome for what I thought. I didn't even have the game maxed out and it looked beautiful.The only problem I seeing in this game was at points in the campaign and in the main menu, the music will cut out. It would happen mostly in the main menu. It was rarely seen in the campaign, but I missed some dialogue when it happened in cutscenes. It only happened at two different points in the campaign, so its no like a random occurence. Another thing about the campaign is there are 6 different  difficulties to play on. The last 2 difficulties are needed to be unlocked after beating the campaign on a certain difficulty. I have only unlocked one of them called specialists which makes the game more realistic. What is realistic about it is that your helmet can break and if that happens then your guy dies from lack of oxygen. You can get a new one by looking around and replacing it. Another realistic feature about it is that your guy will not automatically heal. You will need to look around and find nano shots to heal yourself. Another feature with the healing mechanic is that you can break bones or get injusred in certain areas on your body. So if you get shot in your right arm your gun will sway more when trying to aim. If you get shot in your left arm, you will not beable to use equipment but you can use the nano shots to heal yourself. If you get shot in the legs your guy will start to wobble while trying to walk and sometimes your guy will start to go onto his stomache after getting shot in the legs. Even when you get shot in the legs, it would be alot harder for your guy to aim while walking.Onto the multiplayer, the multiplayer is alot of fun for me. It acts exactly like modern wafare 2 or modern warfare 3. The movement does not feel like the other recent call of duty games. So i have seen that in other reviews saying that the gameplay does not feel right compared to the recent ones. It does take a little bit to find games but you can actually find people in more game modes than compared to black ops 3 multiplayer where there is only one gamemode being played mainly. There is not much to say for what I think about the multiplayer but for me i am more interested in playing this multiplayer compared to black ops 3 multiplayer.The zombies is actually fun to play, its different compared to the other zombies. It has a different story compared to being always about world war 2. Each character actually has a different melee weapon between eachother. I have only playing two of the characters right now and one of them has a broken bottle and the other slaps. When I saw the cahracter who slaps for their melee I was laughing a whole bunch because its hilarious seeing it. In the zombies there are actually bosses which are mascots of the map and you can actually do challenges in the gamemode when you find this one thing. Another idea they have in this game is alot different compared to the other zombies in which when you die you can actually revive yourself and get your wepaons back for a certain amount of points. It makes the game last alot longer when you have mulitple people because if you die you can come right back into that same round after doing some challenges.The overall thought of this game for me, is that it is awesome compared to what other people have been saying about it. It has had a bettter startup compared to how black ops 3 started up. People have been comparing this game to black ops 3 so I will too for my thought. This game is trying to be different compared to the others. This is probably why people are hating it. Its trying to be its own instead of being the same thing over and over again. The campaign has 7 to 8 hrs of gameplay on it. If no one believes me just try the game, the game can be refunded but it has to be less than 2 hrs of gameplay. These are just my thoughts on this game and I have played every call of duty and beaten all the campaigns so i can see the difference between them.
ssssssss
The Multiplayer seems to not be able to handle all that is put in the game. It lags during intense gunfire, explosions, and movement. My computer can handle well made games but this one has issues with the movement handling. Please fix.
We'll be damned if Infinity Ward hasn't gone and pulled it out of the bag this year. Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is a dollop of  entertainment that somehow manages to exceed expectations. Yes, it hasn't really come all that far and no, Infinity Ward hasn't reinvented the wheel. But as Call of Duty experiences go, Infinite Warfare hits the mark. You can see the amount of time spent on making this game.8/10You should not take into consideration the reviews that have less then 4 hours of gameplay.I have yet to played the MP
Fantastic campaign, best one yet, best zombies mode yet and decent fast paced multiplayer, definitely worth a purchase. gtx 970 never stuttered or dropped below 60fps, good optimization and wide range of options.
I bought the game for the Singleplayer, which is pretty good. I personally like the new "future space" setting.
Its a great game,but i needs updates cuz right now some guns are to strong and some to week + sometimes you need 4 shots to kill someone and sometimes you need 6.If you wanna buy it i recemend you to wait until the game is updated.
Fight in space lul
Singleplayer campaign is great..better than black ops 3... however when it comes to multiplayer segment can't say the same ...the first problem is to actually get into the game ...can't search a single game ....only have to get into the game if any recent player is playing any match ...very difficult to connect to lobbies as well ..it will disconnect for no reason....In multiplayer the other big problem is time to kill ...it very less ....yeah I know people might bastlh saying learn the game rather than complaining about time to kill ..still it's very less ...now anyone can kill you within seconds ...it feels like we are playing hardcore matches...if time to kill is so.short then there is no need for hardcore lobbies .... The rigs are not good ..the weapons are♥♥♥♥♥♥and as explained by driftor the recoil on guns is poor and varies heavily...the foregrip has almost no significance on guns ...This game takes time to like ....if you have patience..play the game ..if you get the lobby .... Black ops 3 multiplayer was much better and organised than IW...that's why it has less players ....Zombies haven't played yet however have heard high praises of it ....
Bought the game on release date had a few campaign games and basically completed it in like 3 days and i mean Specialist too, the cut scenes are pretty laggy tho :( guess developers need to adjust things here and there.Multiplayer: ha the fun part guys, 1 out of 2/3 games you will spot a hacker with WH but hey i could be wrong now not all of them might be hacking.Lots of campinglots of kids crying and abusing over micslets just say i think its going the same way as CoD Ghosts :SSo guys for those who are expecting something unreal then its a NO! for youBut for CoD enthusiasts like me who just likes any CoD, wether its good or bad then yeah sure why not go ahead and buy it :)
I havent Played the multiplayer yet. This game comes bundled with COD4 Modern Warefare Remastered. It is Definitaley worth a playthrough again soon enough. The textures are updated and the game is still an amazing classic. As for Infinite Warfare, don't listen to the hate. The Campaign is short but sweet and fun. New challenges and gamepay keep the game feeling fresh and exciting. From space-based dogfights to close quarter high-speed gunning the game is hard to put down. I love it and its one of the few new experiences COD has offered in years. 8/10!
Activision and Infinity Ward have decided to play it safe, offering a solid and tested formula, without any relevant additions that could rejuvenate the structure of the game, the gunplay or the multiplayer.
multiplayer is cancer but zombies is peng boii
I don't care what the community of cod thinks but this game is great, yes maybe some unbalanced weapons but there is a thing called "UPDATES"
Ok so I read ppl hating on this game and have problems. the only problem I have is some fps drops in some areas for a sec. My avarege fps is 119 tho and I did turn of sun glare and some shadows. Other then that the♥♥♥♥♥♥is on high/ultra. This is one of the best singel player campaigns i played in years, im not done but its very entertaining. The best was modern warfare in my eyes and you get that with the legacy ed. So should you buy it ? Yes if you like modern or futuristic weapons and robots!  I played BF1 for a bit its very nice but I dont like the ww1 weapons its not my style! Stop hating on games and just get the refound if its not for you. Don't buy it for the multiplayer right now.This game need some patches! other then that its very nice!My Rig:MSI Nightbaldei5 6400 2.7Ghz8GB RAMGTX 1060 6GB
Whenever I try to play it says Fatal Error 'code_pre_gfx'
Good game, fun to play, zombies is a great game mode and always something to do!"
I heard that the campaign for Infinite Warfare was good so I got the game. I haven't finished it yet but it's been good stuff so far.I hear multiplayer isn't so awesome but I haven't had the chance to try it yet. Reguardless I'm having a great time so if you like single player exeriances, this game is well worth picking up.
The story is very awesome!!!And the multi player exciting too~
this game is awesome. omg omg awesome on all levels
The negative reviews are unjustified. This game has one of the best stories I've ever experienced in a game. Period.
I think the game is alright i wouldn't hate on other then the maps, they''re pretty small but hopefully you guys make  bigger maps. Other then that it's a good game.
I really don't understand why this game is getting so much hate. Its actually and incredibly fun and satisfying game to play. Weapons and killstreaks are cool. I do however agree with some things people are hating on like the maps. the maps are sort of small and some are pretty lackluster. That could use some work. Also the game for sure needs some big optimization on PC. It just feels like they are trying to cater to the console peasents more then the master race so these kinds of games come out not as optimized for PC. I get 60 frames on Medium-High settings but its SUTTERS A LOT. PLEASE FIX THIS. Overall i have to recommend this game. It is fun and the zombies is AWESOME. I've played a lot of zombies and multiplayer and lets just say i mainly bought this for the zombies and ended up playing a lot of multiplayer. Very fun. If you're not sure if to buy it or not, wait for sail or go to♥♥♥♥♥ Great game, STOP THE HATE!!!!! DONT SUCCUMB TO THE BANDWAGON!!!!!
The last call of duty I truly got into was black ops. I've been on a haitus from COD due to other pc games, and other shooters. Currently I mainly play Overwatch, and now the Bf1. Those are great games, but this game is also good in its own way. I enjoy the fast paced combat that isn't in Bf1 or Overwatch. I did get destroyed many of my first mp games, but I'm doing alright now. I'm having fun with it, but I can see how it can be overwhelming to just jump in and try for the min time before you can refund through steam. I think this game grows on you, and it has definitely grown on me.
Game runs fine, there are few minor bugs that will be fixed soon.
Lo recomendaria si tenes una buena pc. El modo historia esta bueno. No lo recomiendo si queres jugar multiplayer. Por ejemplo en sur america no hay nadie jugando.
Definitely reccomend. This game is not as bad as people are saying, I was very skeptical about this game but after trying it myself it is very fun. 1 great part of this game is if you're good at and a low level you are automatically a cheater. 10/10
This game was ok, but there are some flaws to consider before buyingPros+Fantastic campaign+best story in any campaign so far in CoD+beautiful cutscenes+fantastic voice-cast+nice graphics+decent optimization+Zombies mode is well crafted and fun+/-Space-theme: If you're like me and love space and spaceships, you'd love this game(the campaign especially) but i can see people not liking this direction so its up to you.+/-Boost rigs: If you like the black ops 3 movement you'll like this+/-Dogfights: In the campaign there is a decent amount of spaceship dogfighting-Small community: There is a small amount of players in this game so it is a bit slow finding games in multiplayer and in Zombies its worse-multiplayer feels repetitive: The multiplayer is pretty much Black Ops 3 MP with new guns and killstreaks-minor issues: I've ran in to some ghosting in multiplayer but some days after release it was gone. I know people have had more issues but i can't comment on that.Final words:  After playing through the campaign I can say that it was amazing, it is almost worth getting the game for the campaign alone, zombies is alot of fun but multiplayer feels a bit repetitive from last year but its decent. The biggest  issue is the player base which might get better after the holidays. I do understand that this isn't what some people was hoping for but I don't understand why people are so stubborn and leaving straight up stupid reviews  that doesnt give any reasoning whatsoever about why they dislike the game, they just hate it because its a trend. I do admit that its not a perfect game but it is at least decent and i hope more people will realise that.
Finally a decent cod since 2012
I'm going to recommend this game with an enormous caveat.  Don't get it for the Infinite Warfare title, get it for MW Remastered.  The Infinite Warfare title has a good single player experience, but the MP is relatively boring.  The space battles and dogfights are absolutely outstanding and worth the price of admission, but you will see none of that in MP.  The MW Remastered title holds up really well and my dinky little Alienware Alpha runs it like a champ.
the game is good
its very refreshing after playing bo3. People just too nitty griddy about every little thing. in actuallity its a great game!
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare ( NO SPOILERS)In my opinion, the best CoD ever made since Ghosts :)Singeplayer campaign its exciting like it was in older Cods.It has a lot of variants of missions - like destroying fuel base, motherships or even rescuing scientists ( later with their help you can use an awesome pro mlg 360 no scope laser weapon)The story is addictive and the only thing to which I can find fault its that its short. It took me like 5? maybe 6 hrs to complete it.Multiplayer - its not the best but still enjoying playing it.The problem its in weapons - there are variants of them which sucks a lot.I didnt like it in Advanced Warfare and i dont like it now - its so stupid , who will have better luck in opening a boxes- will be dominating.You can open even 20 boxes for 30 keys (3 keys - 1 game) and you will not find anything super.Zombies - the best part of the game. The best one since Black Ops 2 Origin map :)Everything is thought out and you do not have nothing to cavil.Main easter egg is super hard like it was in black ops 2 and for now (43h) I had 12 attempts (1 attempt = at least 1.30h)Infinite Warfare its a solid part of CoD's and i reccomend it to all from my warm heart!Final rate = 9/10(25/11/2016 - Its getting even better!)
Awesome Sucessor to BO3, kicks a$$ like every other COD game. Zombies is pretty fun, Multiplayer is great but not a lot of people SO BUY THIS!!! Campaign was legendary!!!!!!!!! Not even that hard to run as well, my calculator can run this :3
Let me start off by saying: I'm not a Call of Duty fan. I don't buy a game for multiplayer, I don't buy a game to "own" others. I decide to buy a game based on: story and gameplay.I'm a huge fan of science fiction. TV shows like Babylon 5, Battle Star Galactica remake, etc, have always ignited my imagination of storytelling and hope that we'd recieve some game that would allow me to dive into the action like those shows actors do.Oddly enough, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare allowed me to do just that.The story I found really well done - not amazing, but good for a Call of Duty title. The NPC cast I felt attached to, the UNSA Retribution truly felt like my command, and the setting, history, and enviroment that the story portrayed was really well presented. Here I was, a Captain on the losing side of a war, with a crew and worn-out warship depending on me to bring victory.And boy what a ride it was.I have a few issues, however. Story length is very short, but respectable for an FPS - I clocked in over 15 hours playing on "Hardened" mode and doing all side missions, though I can see that time being slashed in half if you blast through it on Easy (Recruit mode). Also, the flying side of the game I felt was amazing, but was always cut short. Though I suppose this being a Call of Duty game, it had to have the core focus on "boots on the ground."Overall, if you want an FPS in which the story takes centre stage, the settings and characters are great, I highly recommend this game.Thanks for reading.
After latest update it seems like the game is running much more stable , in my setup anyway. I can find matches much faster now as well , changing it to recommend for this reason.Love playing COD 3 so i figured this would be great picked up the deluxe edition for 100.00. what a waste of money can hardly ever get a match on hardmode which is all i like to play. who has time to wait 15 20 minutes to get a match together, once you get lucky enough to find a match you play a couple of rounds and the game kicks you out of the match, whata waste of money if i could get a refund i would.
Chinese get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here, this is not place for you to cheat in here.Still Chinese, ruined every game they are playing.
good game
So:Single player: 7/10Multiplayer: 0/10Zombies: 11/10
this game is very good all those reviews are fake reviews and people on the bandwagon just for funs but they all play the game this is the best call of duty on launch look at BO3 ghosts aw bo2 all had a terrible launch and this one had a good launch YES it has its problems but not that much as people are saying it has you can buy the game test for your self and refund if you dont like it in 2 hours but dont look at the reviews because half of them are trolls and battlefield players but trust me i've played every cod and this one is just as good
It´s worth it. All the money a paid for it, it is really worth it. Just for the campaing.The voice acting, sound, graphic, movement, action, cutscenes. It´s really good looking game. And the story is awesome. Probably the best one out there. I just wana play the campaing over and over again. I haven´t played the multiplayer yet, so i can´t tell if it´s any good, but if you are playing call of duty games mainly for campaing, you have to buy it. Do not listen to all those people who are angry just because it is not a WW2 game. Overall, it´s a great game.Pros:-campaing-story-movement-space battles-voice acting-characters-sound design-camera work-cutscenes- COD modern warfare is better than before!CONS-Short campaing ( with all the side missions it took me about 8 hours to finish the game on regular, wich is normal for cod storylines)I cannot fint any more cons. Again, i haven´t played multiplayer yet si i can´t tell, but if you are looking for a good story game, this is for you.
You know nothing, Salen Kotch.---------------------------------------------Update 24/1/2017: Honestly, the campaign is way better than BO3 but multiplayer of this game on PC has become a steaming pile of s***.
This Game Is the BEST game ever/thank you im a noob
gg vgg
is nice buy this game
Straight into pros and cons:PROS: Excellent single player and zombies Multiplayer is goodWeapons are mostly balancedRanking up is well rounded upCons Lag issues even with good computerMultiplayer server needs a bit of work Overall I would say it's mostly worth it if it's your first cod
I’ve been in a love/hate relationship with this game since I started playing through campaign mode. Tried to think that it’s my fault wanting for it to be yet another Modern Warfare story — memorable, relatable, the kind I wouldn’t mind playing through for the second or third time. Now, when the story mode is all behind me I can honestly say: yes, it was my fault. Because this game is not so bad at all.Sure, the amount of Kit Harington on screen is kind of a joke. And it’s a major problem this title faces in few other places as well — not utilizing its potential which is there right from the start. Hiring a famous person just to put it in two or three moments in the story arc? Definitely a let-down as I wanted to feel this character’s real badass-ness. It’s only slightly hinted. Incorporating all these fancy movements like wall-sliding, jumping and stuff? Well, they are there but it’s as if you’re almost punished for using them. There’s even an achievement for that! Last thing I regret is… not stealing more from Dead Space franchise. Yes. Since it’s not placed in America, in Europe or whenever else on planet Earth, nowhere we can feel 'at home', it would be a nice idea to implement less corridor walking and door opening and much more hacking. It’s already there but in such small amount that it’s just something to laugh at, unfortunately.With that said, there are also quite a few good things to note. The characters *are* a little relatable. The space visuals were pleasant to my eye, cannot complain about it. I liked the overall story, including the ending which I’m not going to describe for obvious reasons.Even though there were too many cut-scenes (all in hardcoded 16:9 aspect ratio, grr) and game kept on freezing every 45 minutes on a 16GB RAM machine (you *must* close all other programs for this not to happen, at least for now) it still *was* an enjoyable experience. Side missions were a nice addition, although nowhere near MW’s Special Ops — there should be 3 or 4 instead of 9 from which about 5 were really repetitive.Ethan’s humor FTW.Play it. When it’s on sale. 7,5/10
I really enjoy this game. The campaign is great with and I like the added bonus of flying the planes. Multiplayer feels like the original COD which is fast paced action. This COD has a few bugs like all games at first but with an update or two it will be fixed. I would recommend it.
Шикарный сингл, просто бомба, call of duty совсем не отдает, вспоминал дисхоноред и десу экс всю дорогу + титанупал.
I really enjoyed call of duty modern warfare remastered so far. I've been waiting for a week now and i only played 3 matches, so i actually would recommend the legacy edition. The infinite warfare itself contains great gameplay. It's fast and fun to play. Legacy edition contains an waiting simulator game until the dev's decide to patch ALL THE FLAWS AND BUGS.
Purchased this game for zombies in spaceland, but I couldn' tell you if this game is fun. The game won't stop crashing on me after I launch it!!  ... c'mon REALLY ACTIVISION!?!?...I'm changing my review not because of this guy below calling me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ troll, but after I gave it an hour, the servers came back online and worked finally.  The campaign is fun.  The Zombies in Space mode, essentially why I bought this game, was fun and I liked being able to purchase new perks with xp earned.
gg
Pretty fun campaign...multiplayer for infinite warfare is pretty dead. Should have got the remastered...which I would like to upgrade to, but there is no option to upgrade.
Infinite Warfare is a great Call of Duty Game even though people say they hate it.  People are hating to hate so i'm here to tell you why it is good.  This is a multiplayer and zombies review.Multiplayer Pros-weapons, maps and everything has variety.  game is colorful.  guns and maps feel great.  lots of awesome customizability for create a class and rigs.  Rigs are much better than Black Ops 3's specialists with more option and variety.  There is always a consistent number of people playing this game throughout the whole day.Overall the game is great but there are still some cons that are prettty bad but will probably be fixed soon.Multiplayer Cons-Sensativity slider doesnt have a number and the lowest possible sensativity was to high for me.  Bad lag spikes every once in a while.  constantly kicked out of a match when it is about to start.  There are not a lot of people playing the game but it really isn't effecting me that much.Zombies Pros-It is very colorful.  It has tons of variety.  They changed it up from traditional treyarch zombies.  They listened to the community about things like PHD Flopper and Banana Colada.  Has an easter egg.  It is harder than traditional treyarch zombies.  Makes you want to replay the map over and over again.Those are some amazing pros and honestly I can't say the cons are that bad.Zombies Cons-High round attemps are very hard to stay alive on because it is so much harder than treyarch zombies.  The easter egg is there but it isn't much.  The cons for zombies really aren't that bad because it is a great game.  Overall throughout the whole game I would say it is amazing game.  Sorry I didn't do a singleplayer review but I just havn't played it yet but most people don't buy Call of Duty just to play the singleplayer.Overall Rating-8.5/10I would recommend this game to anybody who is a fan of the Call of Duty Franchise.
I really like the single-player story, but too short!!!! and I hope to increase the new story in DLC
The game is pretty fun but it does have a few issues that can either make or break the game for certain people. Zombies is great; for the first time in any CoD I actually enjoy zombies. Multiplayer CAN be extremely fun, but the connection is somewhat to be desired. The insane amount of lag compensation currently is game breaking. You'll get instantly killed by a player you didn't even see. Gun fights at the current time aren't a thing. I've noticed this seems to vary from lobby to lobby depending on the host. Hopefully this gets addressed and I'll 100% play it more. One thing that stood out was the suprisingly good mouse input for an infinite ward game... or CoD game in general on PC. If you want a good game for campaign, this is it. The campaign was longer than the past CoD's that I've played and it was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I'm not a big fan of futuristic and sifi games or campaigns, but this was ♥♥♥♥ing cool.
One of the most hated games of late... here's what I think about it:I've had good feelings with Infinite Warfare. While it doesn't try to reinvent the franchise, you do feel at home with pretty much everything offered to you. Excellent main campaign set in the far future setting, zombie mode set in 80's style theme park and of course, the main selling point of every CoD games, the MultiPlayer. It is like 3 games in 1!Whether you are a fan or not of the CoD franchise, you can always expect a working game, USUALLY but it wasn't the case here for a few gamers. While I haven't experienced anything really nasty, I did had a few frame drops and slowdowns at areas in the story mode campaign. Nonetheless, the game works as it is advertised unlike the many games released in 2016 that are released broken and require lots of patching to be playable... looking at you Mafia 3!
2016 couldn't end without a "new" Call of Duty.First of all, excuse me if my english may not be the best. Greetings from Germany. Now let's get right into the review..After playing Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare for several hours now, I can say it has surprised me in many ways, positively aswell as negatively.Personally, i had much fun with the futuristic setting we experienced in Black Ops 2 and 3, aswell as in Ghosts and Advanced Warfare. The Wall-Running and Double-Jumping we had in Black Ops 3 was hard at first and seemed pretty out of place, but it turned out to be pretty fun for me after getting used to it.Both of these features have come back in Infinite Warfare, just slightly improved. The movement is pretty much the same we had in Black Ops 3.The Map-Design although is different than what we had in Black Ops 3, there are many maps with thin corridors, there's alot of stuff going on on little place, you'll need fast reactions if you want to keep up with your team and if you want to stay alive. Just like every InfinityWard CoD before. The Guns are pretty balanced, until now I have not played with a weapon that seemed too OP. You'll unlock stronger versions of the standard weapons after a lot of playing and spending "Salvage" (the ingame-currency) on them. A littlebit Pay2Win but nothing gamebreaking in my opinion.Edit.: Forgot to talk about the graphics...So yeah, it doesn't look like or is as optimized as a Battlefield 1 or anything, but I still think it looks pretty good, it's 'well' optimized for PC, even better than Modern Warfare Remastered which is a joke tbh, and there are a lot of configurations. I'm playing it with a GTX 970 on maximum settings with little to no lags.This review only concentrates on the Multiplayer part of this game, since I have not finished its story completely yet.To say some words about the Zombie-Mode...It has an 80's themed setting and beautiful music played by DJ Hasselhoff himself. Awesome.
Great game but need to fix stuttering and sensitivity slider
The single player expience was great ! It is short which pretty much expected from any Call of duty game but I found it very intense and enjoyable none the less.
Well, considering this may be the ♥♥♥♥ing end of the world for the Call of Duty series. It isn't that all too bad, I did buy this for the Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered. Personally, I have not played the Multiplayer mode, only Zombies, and the beginning of the campaign. Do I like this, well, from what I've seen, it isn't bad or good, just more of, what the ♥♥♥♥.Let's get onto Zombies.The zombie mode is not too bad, but I have definitely seen better from Treyarch. It does oddly give a sense of the Extinction mode from Call of Duty: Ghosts (don't buy that).Now onto campaign.The campaign, despite me only getting to the second mission for like ten seconds, seems like they might be going back to the more hollywood action back in Modern Warfare.
This honestly isn't the best game out there, all I have to say is that it's better than bo3 imo.
I probably didn't have that much fun playing CoD since CoD 4 !
Favorite call of duty by far. Has a little bit of each COD thrown into one game. Zombies is also supe fun. I love being able to feel like im playing classic style zombies with a funny twist.
"Game lobby closed.""Game lobby closed.""Game lobby closed.""Game lobby closed.""Game lobby closed.""Game lobby closed.""Game lobby closed.""Game lobby closed.""Game lobby closed."
I've seen a lot of hate towards this game, but i really must admit it has really grown on me. The multiplayer is obviously my favorite part of the game, it is fast paced which I must admit took some getting used to, as a camper and sniper on mw2 there is no chance of that on this game. All in all a decent game. Not played the campain yet so cant comment on that.
GET RAZER CORTEX IT THE ONLY THING WORKING AT MOMENT GUYS !
Good game, this campaing are the 2nd best (after mw2) this zombies are funnys, and multiplayer arent the best, but isnt bad.
Nice and refreshing story, with actual space battles and space ship piloting. The hollywood style campaign is awesome and quite emotional. You will never get bored because it switches between shooting / stealth / space jet battle / 0 gravity battle / taking off to space / landing on alien planet. There is always something new waiting for you. I would say this is a cost effective version of star citizen with playable content and just enough seemless transition and freedom (walk around, climb on a jet, take off, you decide)
So I Semi-Recommend this depending on the person. COD IW is not the best of games but also not the worst. What makes it Good? - Campaign: The Campaign is by far the best part of the $60 Package, compared to its recent predecessors.- Zombies: As always COD never disappoints with Zombies. What makes it Bad? - Multiplayer: The Multiplayer in my opinion is by far the worst I have ever experienced in a COD game. It is horrendous. Spawn sucks, FPS on PC is just horrible. The total feel of CALL of DUTY in an essence is not found in the multiplayer. Now How You CAN MAKE YOUR experience BETTER? - Get the $80 Package that include MW Remastered. All the hours I have on this are basically on Multiplayer. It is amazing, nostalgic for all you veteran cod plyers. The graphics are amazing, the feel is the original feel of what CALL of DUTY is suppose to be. I highly recommend getting this for Remastered, if you are a Veteran COD Player who grew up on countless of hours of playing MW and or MW2. If you have this empty feeling in your heart, a void that needs to be filled with this nostalgic experience and you believe you will put back the hours you lost playing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cod games after MW2 into this remastered. I highly recommend buying the game for $80.Verdict: Buy this game if you are a veteran COD Player for $80. Enjoy IW's Campaign and Zombies and finish that experience by spending countless of hours playing MW Remastered. DO NOT touch IW's multiplayer. Its cancer
I bought the Legacy edition of the game thinking the remaster would be the star of the show , Well I was wrong IW is a far superior game. The GFX are a step up from BO3, in fact everything about the game is just so much slicker and well presented, lots of options and plenty of customisation and content within the game make it well worth the money I spent.The improvement to the AI in the versus Bot game is clearly apparent and offers a much better experience than any CoD to date.. for anyone who prefers playing against the AI.IW is not perfect @ launch , but it is definitely better for me than BO3 was at launch , I'm sure these minor issues will be sorted. Overall I'm delighted with the game and really glad I bought it , BO3 is pretty much perfect now on PC and runs really well on my PC never dropping a single frame @ 120FPS.. I'm sure IW will no doubt get some attention to iron out a few minor bugs. If your a Lover of FPS games you will definitely enjoy IW,  this is a much better game than the Steam community reviewers have given it, with plenty of content , what's not to Love about this great game..A Solid 10/10 from me :D
Yes, it’s set in the future. No, it’s not the same as all the other ones. Yes, there are big spaceships and lasers! Sounds good right?! Let’s find out.I've been waiting for a pure space call of duty for many years, having to trudge through all the other ones to get to this point. The idea of a Call of Duty in space with zero gravity, Massive Space Battles & super epic space lasers that are all like *pew pew peeeew kablam* As a fan of old Space games like Freespace 2 I was looking to relive that experience that game gave me many years ago when I was first getting into PC Gaming. Did it? In part yes but not really. While a good amount of the game is spent in space it is designed rather cheaply for space battles. The formula for space combat can be broken down to (Grunts, you can lock onto them but free firing or shoot a missile at them works well enough, Aces are harder and will pop flares if you fire missiles so just lock on and use the machine gun. When you lock on it follows the ship and only breaks off if they go too far off your screen. To blow up Ships just shoot at everything till it explodes or shoot the engines at the back out. Pretty simple and linear but I guess the space battles were not the primary focus of the title so I'll give that a miss...As for the Storyline itself the game starts off with a pretty good premise. You’re Earth and there’s This other guy called Mars and one day Mars are all like "Earth sucks! Mars Rulez" and earth is like "Hey, that’s not very nice" and then Mars calls Earth a poopy pants and they are no longer be friends. Then John Snow is mad and I think Conor Mcgregor is in there somewhere. Then you go into space and proceed to Blow up entire space ships killing probably like 1000's of people just trying to do their job or whatever but who cares right? They’re all bad guys! Right? ....Then you’re all like "Hey we need to destroy that tower thing there but you’re going to need to fly directly into it and explode ok? Great, Thanks! Wait... did he eject beforehand? Oh well whatever. Now Before I forget we need to blow up this massive ship to protect Earth "but that’s a suicide mission captain!" I DON'T CARE THAT’S AN ORDER! GO SACRIFCE YOURSELF GODDAMMIT..... Wait.... I'm lost, who are the bad guys meant to be again? Because I'm pretty sure that’s what terrorists do or something... Well, whatever that doesn't really matter because the campaign is actually pretty fun though very generic and straight forward, there is no twists, no revelations, just 2 sides, neither really seem to be able to claim who can be deemed the "good side" and can be summed up by watching someone take candy from a baby. Achievement "Dominion" Win 5 Online Matches is bugged.... RIP 100% achievement dreamMultiplayer is pretty much the same as Black Ops 3 in terms of play style but I'm so over all this jetpacking, wall running & endless sprint. I'm just not that interested in it this time around like most people. There is even some kind of ability that allows you to boost sideways or downwards which is super annoying and most of the maps seem to be pretty tight so shotguns are just broken. There isen't very many people playing at all anymore and the first time I use a shotgun I go 32-4. Not very fun to play with or play against.There are some interesting elements this time around though when it comes to crates and "salvage" that you get from playing. You can use it to unlock variants of weapons that have extra abilities and stat improvements. Interesting for those who like RPG elements and improving on your existing weapons but not enough to keep me playing.  If all this wasen't bad enough the PC community is dead only a few months after release, It searches for matches only in your area and won't extend the range to other areas of the world it looks. It doesn't even tell you how many people are playing each game mode like Black Ops 3 did so you just have to try to find people when well there are none now. The only game modes I could find ANY players for were TDM and HC TDM... Couldn't find anything in Domination, Gun Game or anything else. Not feelin it this time around, no story, to much random stuff for no reason aside from being random.
Way more fun than I expected it to be. Every week should be fleet week.
The maps are the most beautiful in space until now... but the cheat problem must be solved... I lost the will to play black 3 due undiscriminated cheating... and it seems its repeating again on Infinite Warfare.
Non Biased OpinionThe Good - I Enjoyed the multiplayer and campaign as it is different and not too overwhelming, its new and you can play the game over and over without getting boredThe Bad - The Zombies were too overwhelming, theirs too much to do and it doesent feel like zombie, honestly exo zombies were better than it.
This game is awesome! 3
Bought this game yesterday for $59.99 on Steam because on CDKeys you could get them for $35 but the keys are only redeemable in EU. Anyways, this is a COD in which the multiplayer is "not good" (As everyone says to every COD after BO2). I feel people just expect the game to be bad but they just buy it anyways just so they can right a review judging the game on its release week and request a refund. Yes, I don't like the mulitplayer and I never really was a fan of the campain (With any of the CODs tbh except WAW), but I bought the game for the zombies. I don't hate the multiplayer because of the advanced mechanics of the game for the futuristic feel SOLELY for the purpose that it isn't like the older CODs. Then again, I don't love it but that's beside my point. Zombies will never get old in which that is primarily the reason I bought the game but people have got to think to themselves. The creators of COD have to keep coming out with new things to present to its audience or else they won't buy the next COD. Everybody is mad at these new additions to COD because they prefer the older WAW and BO1&2ish style gameplay, but if all COD was from the release of WAW was repetition of the same thing over and over again, there would be no reason to make another COD because people would stop buying them because they would all be the same. Then again, I do think its about time to make a WAW2. 8.5/10.
wow i love halo 6
multiplayer is lagy as f#@k BUT zombies is good CUZ OF SOLO MOD ONLY SOLO ! anyway zombies has an amazing weapon leveling up system and the weapon kits its just amazing ( you can even custumize the starting weapon THE STARTING PISTOL !!! anyway i think its fun to play every once and awhile  (by the way its not tryarch zombies so DONT COMPARE IT so you can have fun with it )
Campaign: Beautiful scenes, good gunplay, spaceship fights.. 10/10Multiplayer: not BoG. less than 100 people playing at any given time making it very hard to get a match in any mode other than TDM.Zombies: seems decent, i haven't played it much.i'd reccommend getting this on console so there are more people to play multiplayer with. that said if you want a graphically beautiful campaign, you can't beat this.
This game is awesome. Don't even pay attention, what these haters sayPlot is really good, in the best tradition of CoD seriesMultiplayer is good too, everyone can find something for yourself, don't matter what you prefer, old "Boots on the ground" or flying and shootingAnd Zombies, 3arc's now have good competitor to their vision of Zombies
i just got cod infinite ware fare for 79.99 i did not get cod  the remastered cod. how do i recieve this game
wow they did a great job i hated all the new call duty multiplayer modes cause thew future♥♥♥♥♥♥but this is really just really good its boots on ground and a little bit of flying bs but wow they did a great job with this game very much so recommend.
game play ok but slow video scenes
game play ok but slow video scenes
BLUF:  8.5/10.  Good value for the bundle and each game is a great time.  Don't let the hate train ruin your opinion! The value in this bundle is incredible.  Two full games and a pretty sweet zombies mode.  Initially purchased just for MWR and found myself playing IW much more.  Didnt hop aboard the internet hate train and actually had pretty good hopes for IW when I preordered a month prior.  I skipped the last two COD games (played on free weekends) so space wasnt burned out for me.  The SP is long enough for great character development and a pretty nice story.  The missions are varied just enough and play very well.  Good depth for a twitch FPS shooter.  If you like COD games you'll enjoy this one.  The boosters play similar to titanfall boosters being no where near as crazy as in the last COD.  MP is fast paces and it seems people try to roll as teams a bit more.  The rigs and all the customizations add good variation.  MWR is the same game it was just prettier.  It had its flaws but was my favorite COD of all time.  Very happy with the end product.  Don't let the hate train derail your opportunities for fun.  Give this one a try and I'm pretty sure you'll be happy.  Overall i'd give the bundled deal an 8.5 out of 10.  ON a final note, for those concerned for pay2win..i've looked and you cant even purchase crates or scrap with real money.  Not sure if its a "coming soon" feature but i'd much prefer it stay out.
I am leaving this reveiw here in order for people to know the truth about the "Real Infinite Warfare experience,"At the time of this review, textures can become very blurry and undetalied in singleplayer quite often, even if the settings are maxed, and at certain points in the game, entire walls, floors, and furniture will be missing entirely due to improper loading,  hopefully there will be a patch soon that will adress these issue, and apart from a few balance issues with multiplayer matchmaking and weapon balancing, my overall experience was quite enjoyable, Indeed the singleplayer was masterfully crafted with ONLY the ending and textures being a downpoint, and even though I didn't really like the ending, I am neither opposed to it, Zombies mode can be a tad confusing at times due to lack of any sort of tutorial or guide, but exceptionally fun and oh so "80's."Multiplayer can be a tad frustrating at times, especially with the large level cap to unlock certain perks, rigs, and guns,  but otherwise was a solid, enjoyable experience to me, Overall, I very much enjoyed this game, and I encorage people to ignore all the hate that this game has gotten, strap on your armor plated spacesuits,  and just go have some fun .
Bought by accident but it's actually very fun. Nice.
Well first of all I didn't want to put any review until I played everything fully and a lot but i kind of felt I must defend cod from people review which I don't even know where they were watching or did they even played the game and reviewed based on what.-about single player it's perfect u know they used the ways of MW series only in future and I think it worked and yeah maybe the used or copied from some old stuff and other games but it's in the same way is new and i thing it has better space war than battlefront it was cool. So far I give the single player 10/10.-about multiplier I didn't play much yet but it felt like bo3 and halo to me which is nice but if u don't like that yeah u have the right. I give the score of 8/10-about zombie I did loved it but yet i didn't met everything in it.well it was so far 10/10 too.-about cod 4 remastered well I don't need to talk about it  10/10
Most in I've had with a cod game in a while
Have only just started...l like the future it is set in as l love Halo and Gears of War. Still at the moment it is a run of the mill COD...Makes me wish they would now make a COD as a RPG as l feel like l am playing the same game just with sightly modified skins and texture packs. Still l know some people worked really hard to make this game so l have to respect the fact that it is a FPS and it is a well made game and runs extremely well on my 2 year old Alienware laptop. I must give Activision Kudos for their COD games as they do run really well at high settings on old rigs. Will edit this review once l have completed the game...Have not completed it yet but am a few more hours in...Really great game, l really like the Mass Effect style ship HUB where you can choose the side missions on the map and get upgrades ect. I really like the space combat, just dumb and fun. I know the sci fi genre has been done over and over again but man it just pure fun, Mass Effect, Battle Star Galactic...you name it, any Sci Fi hit you can think of is all in there. The only thing l find is the FOG OF WAR, in real life it is hard to know who is what in a fire fight unless you are in the fantasty of Halo Red vs Blue. In this game it is hard to work out because of the uniforms both sides are wearing are all set in a more grounded universe. Again in real life no Army would wear bright colours to be identified by the enemy. Hopefully l can finish the campain and finish this review. Just finished the campaign...really awesome. The end just ends though and 'John Snow or Kit H' was not what l thought it would be. The only downer is that the game is awesome but it is a 'Buzz Kill' when everyone *spoilers...dies. Most of the Modern space Call of Dutys (Ghosts Advance) do not have sequels. But it would be hard to have a sequel when both sides are all dead! Anyway great game and worth the play through. Lastly the music is awesome! Suits the tone of the game. Space games for COD are awesome, please make more of them?
all guys that say ,, This is a Bad Game " have only 0,5 - 1,0 playtime so dont trust players with only 1 hr look for players with like 4+. I dont want wo say players under 4hrs are all lying but i think they didn't play this game long enough to say how it is .
do not listen to other reviewers, just buy this game. Campaign is excellent, zombies is excellent. But the multiplayer is horrible. Give it a try!!
Yis
Great campaign. I play these games for single player, not multi. Beautifully presented, engaging and exciting.
Let me start by saying that I did enjoy this game as a whole for what it is. But that being said there are a lot of problems currently with this game, number one... they did a halfway job of optomizing this game for PC. I have a GTX 1080 newest gen processor and 32 gigs of RAM and not one cutscence had loaded without jittering, stoping or just not rendering audio at all. Great right? I know for a fact that it is the software because the game itself plays smooth as butter, unless it is right before a cutscene or right after... go figure. The game is an interesting take on thing and has some great mechanics that I have enjoyed. Most people willl hate me for saying this but I bought this game just to play the campgain, which is great! I just wish I knew what they talked about in te cutscenes... because as I previously mentioned... they did not bother to optimize that part of the game at all. I espeically like how the campgain is no longer linear, wihtout spoiling too much you can pick which missions you want to do when (besides the main missions). All in all this will be an amazing game, once they finally patch the PC verison to whre it should be. Till then I guess I have to watch the cutscenes on youtube... awesome.
I want to point out that my opinion is based only on the   part of the game!Sometimes it feels like its a popular thing nowdays do hate Call Of Duty. Game wasnt releasd but yet it gets tons of negative critic. And to be honest I almost had same approach towards the game because it somehow infects you. But I decided to buy it and see for myself. And Im just saying WOW! It is astonishing! I love everything about it. Graphics, gameplay but most the story. It is very interesting, the cut-scenes make you feel like you are watching a movie. The story really sucks you in making you want to see more of it. I really recommend this for those who like single player. Really, give this a try!Best regards to you all, Alex :)
Skipped every COD since MW2... This one got me interested again.Payed the 60 bucks for SP only not going to touch multiplayer.I am a big Sci-Fi fan so this was made for me.Single player was fun and I loved them dogfights (do not expect Star Citizen flight control)Only thing I was missing is some creepy mystery or alien content and bigger boss fightsbut this is a personal preference.These people at Infinity Ward know what good Sci_Fi looks like.It is still COD of course so you "just" get to shoot stuff most of the time... no♥♥♥♥♥♥That story is lovely and it reminds me of my time fighting the Helghast at Killzone.
Don't listen to the whiny kids who played this game for less than a few hours and wrote a negative review. Playing anything for less than a few hours is never enough time to form a proper opinion. This game runs great and looks beautiful and I only have a GTX 960 with an i7 5820k OCd to 4.2 Ghz and 16 Gigs of RAM. Ghosts - BO3 were absolutely garbage, but not this game, this game is fun good.This game is by no means Pay-to-win, only skilless crybabies say that.
Superb! Brilliant! Fantastic!Granted, I've not played MP but, I've no interest in MP - I have Pcars and ARMA for MP. The game is worth the cash for SP alone, nevermind Zombies. It is immaculately crafted, executed, writen and polished, with bags of atomophere and intense action.Most of the people who can♥♥♥♥♥♥can this game after an hour push the BS-bandwangon (like muppet slaves). Morons, your bus is leaving! Fantasic game, as you'll find out once you buy it on offer in a year or two (which is exactly what you're all going to do after you've potentially buggered the series for the devs/publishers with your spoilt ♥♥♥♥♥ing). If you dare to say this game is poor then, you are anti-gamers - shame on you.
ok
I'm not sure why there alot of poor reviews... I can only guess:1. most of you have CRAP equipment2. MOST all of you aim like crap3. NONE of you know how to set your games up properly4. SPRAY and PRAY is NOT effective against good players..5. your WALMART internet aint cuttin' it..6. you have nothing better to do than complain.. except gettting ownedThis game is smooth as silk, with excellent weapon balance, except for (as usual) shottys.well done!
Playing with Gunner makes it yo!
Playing with Gunner makes it yo!
Overall a decent gameMultiplayer maps seem a bit too big and I spend most my time running around the whole map to find people, this game is meant for people who enjoyed black ops 3 because its extremely similar but the exo movements are alot weaker this year which is good if you like boots on ground.
"Heyy, thats pretty good."-iDubbbzi didnt play any of the other exo-suit/future distopia COD titles, just bought this one for Modern Warfare Remastered,which by the way you have to buy the digital deluxe edition to get, which by the way is a $109 pricetagand if you already bought the regular version of Infinite warfare returning it to your steam wallet will only take 1 hour but the funds will be pending for 48 hours and if you buy the game before you realise that you will have effectivly spent $200 on an aunnually relased Call of Duty Game.That aside this game is pretty good, however not worth $200Buy it right, you'll probably like it more
This is a cool and fun game if your a fan of call of duty I think you will like this!
Very good story line 8/10
In all honesty its not the worst or best game. Campaign is awesome, multiplayer is cool when you get to play it, and zombies is stylish and a lot of fun. Is it worth $100 full package? No, MW shouldve been sold seperatly and its even though this game is gorgeous and stylish it lacks a lot of content like most COD games do. Get it if it goes on sale.
meh its good now
best of what we've got in the recent years, aside from all the connection and fps issues people are facing with, tha game is mad fun
Despite the multiplayer feeling like a cheap ripoff Black Ops 3 stylistically with gameplay issues futher exacerbated by poor TTK, screwed spawns and a small population the rest of the package delivers a surprisingly quality experience. The campaign is a solid 6 hour explosive filled romp which could be extended on harder difficulties that has perhaps one of the better stories in Call of Duty entries of late. Yes its on the rails, predictable and cliched but much like a summer blockbuster film Infinite Warfare posesses enough epic setpieces and adrenaline fuelled action to be a good time. Multiplayer is broken, but if thats your cup of tea then Titanfall 2 is a far superior 'CoD' like experience for 2016. IW is all about its single player and for that alone its worth a recommend.- Graphics are competent. Not quite BF1, better than TF2- Guns are varied and impactful, some interesting variations and 2 in 1's- Voice acting is on point, despite a underwhelming Kit Harrington- Three gameplay loops that are enjoyable when then come around, never feels like they overstay too much- MP is broken..- Classes are unbalanced, feels less unique and impactful as their BO3 counterparts- TTK is way too short- Spawns are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Overpowered abilities 'Wall hacks'- Miniscule population, especially in OCE. Can't get a TDM match unless during peak hours.If you enjoy CoD campaigns, you won't regret this purchase. Stay far away if Multiplayer is what you want.
Haven't played for long, neither have i played the campaign. Im only writing a review to say how well its been optimised for PC. I havent been able to play COD since ghosts without have♥♥♥♥♥♥fps. Though this one i can play perfectly stable at about 50fps. (Yes my PC is♥♥♥♥♥♥). Multiplayer is enjoyable, very fast pace and half the time i dont have a clue whats going on but oh well XD
The PC multiplayer is plagued with cheaters. Don’t really see their point of playing, other than just sick personalities. Lack of dedicated servers from Activision only promote such behavior.I’ve been aimed/tracked through the walls many times with preemptive shooting, regardless of Ghost Perk & Dead Silence used. Not sure is it Aimbot or sort of opponent scanner/boxes. Once even Invisibility did not help . One thing is clear than cheating on PC platform is readily available and with current setup (no servers) Activision/Steam cannot do anything about it. Think once we paid them they should be responsible for that. Maybe the number of players on PC platform is so low that it’s not worth doing for them. That is the next problem, after the month of playing you can memorize most of names/players like there is only few hundreds of them (Europe) only.Played game on PS4 for few hours and the situation seems healthier than PC.Other than that, IW MULTIPLAYER is an very good game which deserves much better than mixed game ratings. The previous BO3 has risen the bar very high what makes IW slight disappointment. The game graphics is in pair with the BO3, nothing better and maybe little cartoonish. The sound is squeaky and very compressed. Space orientation is very confusing. That is where the BO3 really shined what is big disappointment. The maps are more or less nice, a bit asymmetric compared to BO3, and generally small. My personal preference is Frost, Terminal, Retaliation and Precinct. What is missing is really big map like CASTLE (BO2), INFECTION (BO3) or FRINGE (BO3) for sniper battles. Maps like EvilDead (BO2) would add wonderful charm to the game.
This game received a lot of hate the moment it was announced. Sadly a lot of it was cause people wanted to be apart of the club so jumped into the hate wagon. It is indeed funny seeing the same person say it's going to be garbage and then here come November 4th, they're playing...The campaign was a very amazing and was the best I've played in a long time. It gives a future feel but it feels real...for example, if our would was in the future, this is would it would feel like. Where as in Black Ops 3, it was all future based but it felt un-real. The story behind it all was just put together very well. You can tell the Modern Warfare story writers were behind it, haven't seen a good story since MW3. The game also received a lot of hate due to it's graphics. Sure, they aren't as great as Battlefield but it is still very enjoyable. With the right tweaks, you can make it look beautiful. When I first played IW's Multiplayer, I honestly hated it. The whole time I was comparing it to Black Ops 3 but after I got this through my head, "Infinite Warfare isn't meant to be Black Ops 3, if it was all CoDs would be even more of the same". After that, I was like "okay, fine I'll keep with it". Sure enough, after a few hours of gameplay I am starting to enjoy it. It defiantly takes time to switch over, but once you do it is a lot of fun. In my own opinion, the best way to describe it is a mix between Black Ops 3, Advanced Warfare and a touch of Modern Warfare 2. The sliding is pretty cool, jumping feels pretty light and diligent. Zombies is exactly how I predicted. Not as cool as Treyarch's zombies. Which I have to admit, TA has it mastered. But IW's zombies is still fun but it just feels kind of dumb. I was never expecting much of it to begin with, but my opinion could change with newer zombie maps to come.I have had no issues what so ever. I'm running on a i7-6700K, MSI 1070, and 16GB RAM. Granted, those are wicked specs but I even tested on a Lenovo laptop with i7-4710HQ @ 2.5GHz / GTX 860M / 8GB RAM and it runs flawless on medium-high settings...50-60fps. So people who say it's optimized bad are most likely wrong and their issues have something to do with their computer. Now I am not saying it's all of their fault, cause there are some issues that Activision needs to fix such as some mouse lag, crashes, freezes, etc. But in my very own honest opinion...something on their computer is causing the issue.To sum it up it is exactly the same as CoD4 but with newer graphics. Still a great game to play the 100th time, so for sure grab it if you're going to purchase Infinite Warfare. So if you loved CoD4, you'll love this even more.With all of that said, the Infinite Warfare Campaign is incredible, Multiplayer is good but give it time to sink in, and zombies is fun but also lame. I still recommend it but keep in mind there are some issues that have to be fixed, if you're nervous perhaps wait to December for it to be patched up and working better for some people. Also don’t believe all of the reviews, most of them are based off of someone’s 30 minute gameplay.
This is an amazing game! The zombies is better than ever! and the multiplayer is overall awesome!!!!
Just want to put here that campaign is one of the best ever since modern warfare trilogy, seriouly the campaign alone was worth 60$ for me.havent played mp or zombie yet, most probably wont because its just the same old when they could have done so much with it, put zero gravity fights with jets in space , just like bf1, but no its the same old mp by the looks of it, a missed opportunity for the multiplayer part.As for the campaign, a solid 10/10.
Call Of Duty: Space Warfaregr8 game
I am writing this review early because it looks to me like a lot of people are trying to prematurely sabotage COD IW and jump on the bandwagon of bashing and down voting this great and fun game. Let me tell you what I love and then don't love about this game.I absolutely love the campaign. As a fan of FPS games with sci-fi story lines, COD IW really puts a smile on my face. Traveling between planets, fighting in and on space ships and space ports, futuristic guns, robots and tech, it's such a cool game. I'm really glad InfinityWard was brave enough to take COD IW into space. WW1 and WW2 first person shooter games are a dime a dozen. That genre is safe, overdone, and quite honestly, boring by now. Battlefield 1 with it's spin on WW1 is a great game, but been there, played that, and to be clear I OWN BF1 as well. As for multiplayer, it's one of the funnest MPs I have ever played, and I found it balanced perfectly fine. My K/D was consistently between 1.6/2.5, but perhaps I'm just good at FPS games, and no I didn't have any cheats activated. I love the weapons, their ability's, the "super" ability of each class, and the upgrade system where you unlock attachments as you earn experience. I played the MP BETA and look forward to playing the MP once I've completed the campaign.This game is not without it's issues. Frame shuddering. At the time of writing this review, one week has past, and I have been experiencing frame shuddering. It occurs during animated cut scenes and during game play itself. I have updated drivers, tried multiple variations of graphical settings, disabled SLI, even removed one of two EVGA GTX 770 4GB graphics cards and adjusted settings in Nvidia Control Panel all to no success. I know it's not my PC hardware with 16GB of ram and an i5-4690K at stock speed of 3.9Ghz. During very intense explosions, I have even heard certain sounds cut out. I look forward to this issue being patched. I will update my review when these issues are resolved.So look, COD IW's campaign is freakin' awesome. I can't express that enough. It's a sci-fi shooter, and considering the game engine that creates the graphics for the game, the graphics are phenomenal. Space is beautiful rendered, the ships are highly detailed, the planets gorgeous, and the voice acting is some of the best I've ever heard in a video game. There is just so much right about COD IW that I must recommend it. I want to play more sci-fi first person shooter games like COD IW, and so I would like to personally thank all the developers who worked so hard to write the story line, and design this campaign. I had a great amount of fun playing the BETA MP, and couldn't stop playing it, so I am looking forward to playing it after I finish this campaign of which I am more than half way through. Buy COD IW for the campaign, and keep playing it for the MP. It's awesome.
When i played zombies i always have a good time. Met some nice friendsWhen i play multiplayer i get rekt by a guy called sealey. Made fun of for bad KD and playing bad when he's like prestige whatever and lvl 50 and only been a week of release.The community is about as toxic as League of legends and should focus on doing things in life than complaining that i had a bad KD and says ez! There is a catch... part of the community i can actually talk to like adults  and not kids are the ones that i can get along with and they suggest me to hardcore which i will end up trying anyway! (They need to bring back Search and Destroy!) They are pretty nice and some time to time i play games with them! I'm not much into futurustic stuff in games like this and i tend to avoid multiplayer due to that kind of stuff which is why i only play multiplayer on COD: MWR! (It's a preference for me only!) The campaign is a lot of fun though i give it that! If you do go into multiplayer i'll give you some advice.. Mute everyone that isn't your friend before playing. It avoids the pitch of salt! Activision you ♥♥♥♥ed up this PC community on this game from seperating Windows Store's version from Steams.I'm not much of a reviewer but i just told my experience and not everyone will have it as hard as me!
in my opinion i like this game just things as in constant stuttering that ruins it for me also weapons like the claw just♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I would only recommend this game if you have a good pc to run it on
Ich persöhnlich kann Infinite Warfare ohne bedenken weiter empfehlen.Die Kampagne ist perfekt in Szene gesetzt und spannend.Ich hoffe wir sehen in Zukunft einen weiteren Teil der Reihe.
A very enjoyable game however pretty disapointed that the game has been released for a grand total of a week and there are a few ♥♥♥♥♥♥s hacking. pish anti cheat infinity ward need to step up.apart from that game is great and i like reking ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
Good game
Overall the game is good, only problem is that finding games is difficult.
Campaign-One of the best campaigns in cod 10/10Multiplayer-good,not the best but not the worst 8/10Zombies-IW did a really good job with zombies 9/10
AN AWESOME GAME FULL WITH ACTIONTHE STORY IS SPOT ON AND FULL WITH TWISTS AND TURNS THUMBS UP COD YOU HAVE DONE IT
Game is great works fine, but i can not find how to do split screen, no websites tell you, forms dont tell you, but i see people playing it and the video is on youtube but no one wants to tell me
Don't trust what everyone say in the reviews, there are only haters, unfortunately the people who liked this game are not showing themselves in the comments. This game is a VERY GOOD one, best campaing since BO2 (which I also also liked very much), a fun multiplayer (it is like BO3 and the movements of Ghosts), and also the zombies mode that is not better than the zombies from BO3 but is very fun.      If you enjoy a good single player, a fun and good multiplayer, and a zombies to calm your nerves down and have some fun, don't think twice, BUY THIS GAME
I don't really care what people says...Ok it's not a classic Call Of Duty,but IT'S NOT EVEN CRYSIS OR HALOAMAZING GRAPHICS,I LOVED THE CAMPAIGN STORY,THIS GAME REMINDS ME ADVANCED WARFAREINFINITE WARFARE IS WAY BETTER THAN CRAP OPS 3I'm an original fan of classic Call of Duty,but people,years changed,gameplay changed,story changed
Infinite Warfare: Basically BO3 MWR: Great when you're not being murdered by aimbots. Infinity ward/steam need to start banning people.
great game just needs better multiplayer and better maps
I didn't play multiplayer and don't plan to.I typically play games for story and campaign and this game exceeed my expectations.
Fast paced, small maps, High rpm guns, I likey
SO FUN!!!
First lets start with the obvious for the Tl;Dr amongst you, do i recomend this game?YES!Ok good? Lets explain why.You like sci fi, flying a spaceship, a good story, fps in general?If you answered yes to any of this infinity has you set.In short and in the least spoilerish way the story tries to give possible answers to a couple conodrums, *What would you sacrifice to protect that which you cherish.*How far would you go to save those you call your own*Does this unit have a soul? Yes if you liked Legion is Mass effect prepare to meet a new robo friend!Of course any medium can have a good set of core ideas but their execution also matters, in this the new cod delivers.In an admitedly short period you will have one heck of a wild ride and i doubt you will be disapointed that is all i am willing to say on it.Admitedly there are a couple potential cons, "The spacecombat ain't all that complex!" True but this is an experience package if you realy desire a complex space sim buy elite dangerous."You call this sci fi?! It doesn't hold a candle to Assimov or Clarke or Mass effect etc etc Also it doesnt even last 30 hours!"  I never said it was the best, just that for those among us who aint elitist snobs its quite the little sci fi nugget especialy in the drought we have been experiencing these last years. Also the excelent visuals dont hurt either.   On the second point, really? Its an fps and cod at that, if you expect it to surpass even 15 hours i have a house on mercury to sale to you...A bonus point, its a visual treat! If you have recently upgraded your rig get it for the graphics alone, my aging gtx 770 delivered impresive visuals at just 1080p if you can push it higher and at max settings you will do a disservice to yourself if you miss this. In closing even if you dont care for the multi just get it at later date in a discount. Semper fi gamers! Peace to those with empty wallets.
I have played basically all the COD that have come out on console. I really enjoyed Bo3 on the PS4 but this is my first time playing COD on PC. I am enjoying IW though. I honestly wish they would break away from all the futuristic feel to COD these days but its not a bad game by any means. I will be playing it till the next one in 2017. If i could say one thing to the creators it would be next year give us an old school feel COD. No boost jumps. Boots to the ground COD.
xD
Ok... so a fair review.Intialy thoughts were... its a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥The multiplayer was naff... and for me the MP is the sucess of the COD saga. Recent single player (black ops 3) was the worst and the ones before it, all seemed to shade away to Modern Warfare.It just felt... well...♥♥♥♥♥♥ Didnt seem to balance well, like OP3, for me the best MP (Next to BF1, the most complete MP Game)However..... the tide has changed a bit on my stance.The single player.... i think this is the best FPS (and i liked BF1) so far, been the best ive played in some time for the COD SPS (single player story). The graphics are outstanding, the story line gripping!  Ive put in a few hours and honestly loved it so far and hardly dented it.Why they didnt just release the Modern Warfare game by itself, seems crazy.... bullied to buy a game that some dont want, which is why i think we are seeing so much negative feedback.Without doubt, this game fails to be a complete perfect package, its like Pamela Andersons best features with a Honey G looks. BUT it doesnt fail outright. There is some savior....If you are prepaired to play the game from a single player aspect, id recommend it. From a MP? Forget it. One last thing, was i havent mentioned Zombies.... they have smashed with this.really well thought out, very differnt feel and the nostaligic 80s elements (style, In house Games, Music (O THE MUSIC!!) is very fun.
Cool game , If you have an AMD and some Nvidia than you may experience studder inssues until a patch will be released other than that i got gifted this from  a  friend , I got the Digital deluxe edition and so far i like a little bit of framerate issues but its not bad,Cod 4 remastered is a great a game seems like arma with its die to anything instantly policy but its good , IW i give it a 6-7 its basicly cod with some swaps some guns are op  some are really weak il keep playing it just to get a feel for it as always , i reccomend it but needs to improve Framerate for AMD ! going 60 fps to 20 is no bueno
yes only for ZOMBIES!PLEASE ADD MORE ZOMBIES MAPS WE DON'T CARE ABOUT MULTIPLAYER THANK YOU IN ADVANCE :)
This game is great! I know everyone is saying it's basically Black Ops 3 again, but I beg to differ. I've been playing CoD since way back when CoD 2 launched on the 360 (yes I used to be a console pleb) and this game plays nothing like Black Ops 3. Yes it has a similar movement system, but it feels very different. It's still fast, but not as fast as BO3, and the control just feels better. It reminds my more of MW2 or BO1 than the more recent games. I think the gun varients are fun and interesting, I'm glad they put them in. My only complaint about Multiplayer is that 2 of the maps, Scorch and Skydock I believe have messed up spawns, everything else seems fine. I haven't beaten the campaign yet, but I'm enjoying the side missions and space combat! It might not be a super deep combat system, but it's fun and reminds me of the last Ace Combat game that came out. And of course Zombies! They knocked it out of the park. I was unsure how they would do compared to Treyarch but they succeded on making something that was just as fun, if not more fun than the last few maps released in Black Ops. I look forward to playing this game a lot in the future!
Great campaign, a bit predictable and shorter than I’d like but the story was very enjoyable. The main problem I had with Infinite warfare is the lack of side missions, considering the scale of the map and the initially impressive array on offer, the fact that there are almost non after completing those initially displayed was abit disappointing. Still, this had been my favourite Call of duty since World at War but then again I get it for the single player. Crazy, right
Go Get It!
Great game - Evolution, not revolution, but it's super slick - if you're PC is fast enough. The one player game is great fun and really well designed. Multiplayer is smooth and has nice new touches like health bars and names for different locations on each map. There are more ways than ever to craft weapons and everything feels hyper-satisfying to use. Call of duty is the go-to fast food of FPS gaming. Don't 'over think' it - simply drop in, shoot a bunch of stuff, (or blow it up) and leave again. Team work is advised, but quite unnecessary. That said, it's best enjoyed with a few like minded and similarly skilled friends. Some people feel that this is too similar to the preceding games. I would disagree, because this definitly plays better than either BO3 or Advanced Warfare. That said, it does demand that you run and gun all the time - sniping iasn't satisfying unless you treat the sniper rifle as a sort of rail gun. (And I'm noit skilled enough for that.) Overall, its a highly addictive experience, crammed full of tricks to make you crave one more go. Don't beleive the negative comments. It's a genuine blast.
I am giving COD:IW a solid 9/10The Campaign Was such a departure from the regular COD formula With a quality 25 hour experience that really tugged at the hart strings. A thick robust experience that begs the question. Is the sacrifice Men at arms take worth the notion of peace. At every turn the Player Is weighted with a heavy heart of loss all along a very liner action story arch.   Kit harringtons performance was amazing but i would have really liked to see more screen time with Connor Mcgregor and Kit Harrington. these were A list people that were way under utilized.Take note I do not play MP and would never play something that was not story driven.the story and cinimatic quality is off the chart Blur Studios Really knows how to do cinimatics.    So in the wake of the tide of negatives i really found a Gem in this game. they kept it veried enough so i was not repeating the same tasks over and over I found it rather refreshing in this season of saturated FPS market. In comparison bf1 and Titanfall2 Campaigns were really a joke in comparison. not to say they were bad just 4 hour compaigns against this there was much less story in those titles.
A solid shooter with some great levels and really wonderful personal touches. Highly recommend if you want a popcorn shooter with some serious polish and heart.Also space combat. Yas.
I don't see where all the hate is coming from...  The franchise itself just breeds division within the gaming community for various reasons I suppose.  Personally, I think this game is great and I'm a major Battlefield player/fan, I'm supposed to hate it (although I've never been one to follow the lemmings off a cliff)!!  I am unbiased when it comes to gaming.  I ignore franchise names and hostile mob mentality towards one game vs another and just play to have fun.  War in space?!  Sounds fun to me.  It's been a very pleasing fall for gamers: BF1, TF2, and now COD-IW.  Love em all for different reasons.The campaign is spot on.  Amazing acting, good graphics, cool story and fun, well-diversified action packed missions.  Side missions along with a bit of the main story can be controlled by the player from a console aboard an interstellar ship which at times reminds me of the newest Metal Gear (without all the ship building/RPG aspect). I understand the lashing out against the whole future warfare thing on youtube, I get it - but Infinity Ward really did a good job (for once) showing how advanced tech is going to change the world around us.  The showcased tech is intelligently designed in a way to make it seem like a true possibility.  I really think that IW was just waiting for the game to be released instead of trying to squash the original bad press by letting the game prove its own greatness - hell, they already knew it would sell, why not make it great?I haven't witnessed any of the major problems people are describing personally but I could employ variables that make the game run well.  I have a 250MBPS internet connection and a very high end gaming PC (6900K/2 x 1080 ftw's, 32GB TridentZ RAM/NVME m.2 etc).   Also, I haven't played a ton of multiplayer yet, but I've had zero complications finding a match or connecting.  Maybe because I started playing almost a week after launch giving IW to work out some kinks, but really no forseeable issues here.  Overall, you have to walk into it knowing what you're getting yourself into, it is a COD game after all so it's gonna be a bit over the top.  I got it cheap and gave it a go and to my suprise the experience was worth way more than what I paid.
Takes some getting used to but once you play for a bit it is a fun game
Multiplayer meh..Zombies is greatSingleplayer is amazing.
If your buying it for the Story mode then it's actually pretty fun if your into outer space and jet fights.  If your buying it for multiplayer well... I wouldn't know if it's good or not since there is so few people playing, it's pretty much not there.   Zombies is well the usual but more cartoon like.    Over all it's a single player game more or less.
Awesome game. One of my favorites. I'm not sure why people are hating on it.
Once you play the game for a while, it gets a whole lot better.I gave it a negative review at first, but decided it has earned it place to get a positive.
Infinite Warfare campaign looks beautiful, running at a near-flawless 60FPS. The zombies are the best compare to the others COD releases + I have a lots of fun playing regular and DLC maps in custom mode.
Haters are gonna hate this game because it's Call of Duty, but it's actually quite fun. Admittedly there are bugs and kinks they need to work out, such as the 91 fps cap in multiplayer, matchmaking issues, and some weapon balancing. Other than that i've had a blast on the multiplayer and campaign is nothing short of awesome. If you like fps' or have been a fan of Call of Duty in general this one definitely isn't going to let you down. Don't think I forgot about MWR, because it's amazing, nothing else needed.
First of all, i have to say is PRETTY! Wow is this game shiney, but that is to be expected from a COD game. Beyond that i have been truly and plesantly surprised by the single players story line. There is depth! depth and the illusion of choice! its incredible!  i dont know if choosing to do your missions in a different order changest things in the end, but it probably changes the difficulty. So beyond what else is good beyond just the storyline and the graphics. The game runs well on those high end graphics, when similar games are poorly coded and cant perform up to snuff. just shows us how good the programers are. And last but certainly not least, space dog fights! now you can feel like Battlestar Galactica in the comfort of your own computer without getting of your tushy! Role play without the effort, two of the bestest things together at last. lol
So far, Remastered has far outclassed IW, which doesn't say much. IW is poorly optimized, the same CoD from the past few years, and doesn't feel like anything special. That said, Remastered is fantastic. It's awesome to revist Price and co. while having a better time looking at it. Multiplayer is simpe, keeping with original CoD's ideas. The one problem with it is loading screens, as you can easily be kicked from game for having to wait too long, and in campaign, I'm literally sitting here writing this review waiting for "The Bog" to load. It's pretty ridiculous, but it's been worth it thus far for me.
This game is great! Zombies is a freaking blast ( like always) and multiplayer is decent. Cod 4 is good, but you already knew that. So just buy it, so what if you don't like it refund it. It's as easy as that.
The best CoD campaign besides MW110/10 would cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ againPeace to the fallen
Quick SP Review with Spoilers:Ok so there is a lot of hate going around for this game but let me tell you, from an SP point of view only, the game isn't bad. In fact I would say it is the best COD campaign since the MW series. The pacing is good, the missions are tight and the characters are generally well written and acted. The villian is a little weak and under used however the story is decent if not amazing.They have done a good job of making the gameplay and weapons feel grounded in reality despite the game being set in space. Although for someone who is familiar with real world weapons a lot of these are clearly just reused assets with more high tech "bits" stuck on them, which is a little dissapointing. My main gripe with the game *spoilers* is that they decide to kill off pretty much everyone in the final act of the game. What should have carried an emotional punch as one of two well written characters die loses impact after basically your entire crew die melodramatic and heroic deaths. You are supposed to care for these people but I find it hard to care for my former crewmate after I've had 2 lines of dialogue with him throughout the whole campaign and especially after he is the 3rd or 4th such crewmate i've lost in as many minutes. IW when you make these games 1 or 2 deaths carries impact, 763 doesn't.Having said all of that the campaign is tight and the gameplay is good. In a year of vastly superior SP shooters like Doom and Titanfall 2 (seriously buy Titanfall 2 it's frickin awesome) COD IW delivers a solid campaign but it's probably worth waiting for a sale before picking it up.7.5/10
loving the maps and glad i have came to PC gaming way better then console.
Before you hop on the bandwagon of all the hate on this game, read this review. I personally forgot a new CoD was being released this year until i seen a commercial and thought oh crap i need to buy it, i did and i was really worried because of all thr hate and everything about it and i didnt play the beta to have an opinon on that and do a little before and after. This game is actually amazing. I have not had so much fun playing a CoD since Black Ops II (2012) this game has a lot of vibes from Ghosts and Black Ops III but is better. In conclusuion, this game is amazing, people hate on it just to say "HEY i hate IW because its the most disliked video on YouTube!" So if you wanna talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about it, be higher than level 15, play with more than 3 guns, and have fun, people now a days look for a CoD THEY want, not what the company tries to give us, and for those who sit and ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan for not being able to get 250 FPS with their GTX 1080: 1. your stupid for paying that much on a graphics card & 2. The best it gets is 90 so why try and cap it out when it doesnt do anything? But anyway hope you guys come to realise this game isnt trash, stop bashing on all the comapnys for everything, granted yes we dont all approve of a lot of things, just keep quite and play
This game is great!I have been using it for 2 hours,graphics is quite detailed,sound is ok. You can play it for long hours without getting bored.The story is more different than the other series of COD but I really liked it because sci-fi scenario is rather interesting for me.I have played in campaign mode but no idea about multiplayer mode..
+++ 100 hours Call of Duty Infinite Warfare REVIEW +++I can't say it was love on the first sight. First of all, I did not pre-order the game on Steam as I did with all the other CoDs since BO2. No, I bought it as a cheap key at a keyseller. Then the first time I started the game it was a big disappointment when it comes to the competitive multiplayer. The textures were too pixelated, the colour-scheme mixed up and yes the worst it had those micro-stutters I hated from CoD Ghosts, which made the MP of Ghost to one of the worst in CoDs recent history. So, I put it aside and started to play the solo campaign which completely blew me away and made me not leave it until I finished those exciting levels full with action. From then I did not play the game for a long time. Especially the Zombie mode was and still is in comparison to Black Ops III a joke. Ridiculously colourful, to be ashamed of, no spirit, nothing... I would say the Zombie mode is the weak point of Infinite Warfare.After several Updates, I came back to the competitive multiplayer and I was surprised. The coulour-scheme has been changed, the pixelation has been gone and the game was running butter smooth. So, I played some more and started to really enjoy the new collect and quartermaster system. Also, the maps were well-designed with some specific spirit that stick to the mind. Well done for this. Today I come back to IW every single day. Even if it is only to get my daily log-in award or to to play the weekly contracts for special items. Sure, the number of player online is decreasing and when WWII will come out it will definitely be to almost zero. But I can't say that I do not find a match in Team Deathmatch - no DLCs though. So, there is always a match to play. That's for sure. But of course, as long as the player number online is so low and as long as they sell DLCs and split the player base with every single DLC even more, there will stay this feeling of being deprived of some big part of the game you actually paid for as a Seasons Pass Owner. BO III tried to alleviate this problem recently with a free trial DLC month. It's not the solution, but a step into the right direction. Titanfall 2 is definitely doing better in this regard by abandoning DLCs and Season Pass in general, but giving a free map or mode from time to time. This is progressive and in line with the new term of "Games as service" created by Ubisoft. In the future, this will be further developed, since DLCs and Season Pass lost their interest to most of the gamers and always on is the new standard anyways.I would like to conclude by thanking you that you have read my unconventional point of view when it comes to Infinite Warfare. I know that a lot of you guys dislik CoD a lot and actually you are looking forward to trash it with every major release. Fair enough. It is a huge brand that is exploited brutally since every year a new CoD comes out and actually most of the players move on to the new “version”. But since we are spoiled with a lot major AAA release every month the long-term interest in a game also has been changed profoundly. I am proud that I kept playing a game for 100 hours. You might say under 1000 hours it was a bad decision to buy a game…Overall CoD IW is a decent competitive FPS with a very motivating achievement system. It is fast and easy to learn. You do not need to be a 1000 hours FPS gamer to succeed once in a while, but you can also learn to master it and be called cheater in the end for sure. (Good feeling). The community sucks. The anti-community is hostile as crazy and hurtful too. But if you like CoD, stand up for the game. Play it and do not let you be irritated by the haters. Have fun with CoD IW. I will and will definitely until WW2 comes out in September and then I move on to new CoD and will enjoy again, for sure, since it feels familiar from the beginning.RECOMMENDED
The best call of duty campaign ive ever played, graphics are insane, the controls were a little sketchy at times, outside of everything ran great.
Infinite Warafare - Thumb UpRemastered - Thumbs DownOnly becasue im better at IW,Only my opinion pls dont murder me
BEST GAME 2016 OMG GG 10 / 10 gni
The hate train is quite out of place. Maybe people don't even give this game a change. Buy It enter the game with no judgement or hate what so ever. Play the game. And you will see it isn't bad at all. I quite like it. It is a good consept, (just some new silver paint(skin? yes a little bit). But It plays diffrent the feeling is also diffrent but yes, again a shooter, fast paste, kill-die-repeat. But I love it. Campain? Even beter, loved it quite. Sure there are better storys around the world, but it was good. Had fun, some nice new stuff and overall I like the game. -- no I am not a fan boy, just and open, and not so judgemental little♥♥♥♥♥♥ as the people on the hate train that played for 1 hour.
I am unsure why everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game so much. I have been playing since it was released and Im having a blast. I have only been playing the multiplayer and barely touched zombies or single player which I heard were great. At times the connection will be a bit shoddy but 95% of the time it works without issues.First COD i have properly played on PC and im loving it..

Before jumping on a bandwagon, or just disliking CoD in general, realize this game isn't BAD, it just isn't GREAT. I will personally say the campaign is the best in a while and has a story and purpose, the zombies is fresh and not stuck in WW2 and has a fun vibe to refresh it lightly.Now the deal breaker.The Multiplayer is a lot slower than Black Ops 3, and that's good. The problem is the TTK (Time To Kill) is extremely quick and there is a good bit of firefights you shouldn't be losing. It allows players at a low skillcap and the game isn't about how fast your reflexs are, but if your enemy is off guard. Getting killed again and again by SoccerSteve214132, as someone who's dedicated over a thousand hours into CS:GO and FPS games in general concerns me. Overall I'm going to give the game a 6-7/10. TL:DRGood campaign, fun zombies, multiplayer needs tweaks.Buy on sale when it's about $30, retail price is only if you are really for some reason dying for this game.
Best Call of Duty campaign in YEARS. Please Activision spin this off into its own series.
Great game! Some guns need nerfed tho
Ok, I'll be straight with you. I had real low expectations for this game going in. I love this game now. It will be VERY hard to run on lower-end PCs, but if you can get it to run, you'll have fun with this entry. This game is Modern Warfare 2 and Black Ops 3 brought together. The Multiplayer is EXTREMELY fast paced, but fun nonetheless. The Campaign is great, as in really, really good. The zombies is the best yet, although the easter egg doesn't mean much. But let's get to the best part: Modern Warfare Remastered. MWR is one of the best remasters of all time, Raven did a good job here. Where other remasters fall flat, MWR exceeds. MWR has great sound, and is very solid in it's code. Whereas games such as Skyrim Special Edition fail to meet these standards, MWR meets them effortlessly. It also runs in two .exe's like the old days. Overall, it's a very solid set of games. The $60 version is cool, however for $80 you get the amazing MWR, but for only twenty more, you get the season pass too, which gives you all 4 dlc, and tons of bonuses (Free Supply Drops, Extra Salvage, etc.) Now, this is where I'll acknowledge the negative comments. First at bat, there are the people comparing the game to the overrated â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥torm called Battlefield 1. Be quiet. BF3 and 4 were 100 times better, and BF1 has nothing to do with CoD. Then there are those of you who couldn't tell your PC was WAAAAYYYYYY too mid-tier. If you don't have a high-end graphics card and at least an i5, don't expect to run a Triple A console port. Now, let's acknowledge the elephant in the room. You guys who expected something other than CoD, just why? It says Call of Duty, so what did you expect? Fallout 4? Destiny?With that, I rate Infinite Warfare 8/10. It is an great game, if you can run it, buy it.
GOOD GAME
Obviously nobody gives a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ about the campaign. (but the robot is the best character)MP isâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ Absoluteâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥Zombies is â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing amazing. It is ABSOLUTELY worth the $60. But if you are used to a high FOV you probably wont like MW remastered.
This game is a masterpiece!
Campaign is hot as ♥♥♥♥ but the story is weirdMultiplayer is hard like hell but fun to play, I cannot stop when I start touching it
I have only completed the campaign but i mainly bought the game for its campaign and the remastered modern warfare. Multiplayer is something i may try but i expect it will be filled with red bull high teen rage over the mic and chat + tea bagging abound so i don't expect much beyond that. Now with that out of the way, on to the review.Story: 7.5/10I really liked the campaign. The story, although very black and white, earth good, mars bad, with no context as to why mars hates earth so much did make it fairly difficult to fully buy into the experience, but it did drive my curiosity to find out and see if the story would later explain. Sadly it did not but i'm still curious because the level of hate the enemy admiral displayed was seething, but again, like another character the voice actor and model for the mars commander I “Know nothing”. Lets just say i would be very happy to have a single player expansion campaign from the perspective of mars and the admiral and have all its events lead up to the start of the initial campaign. Probably won't happen, but i would it would be nice. Also, the implementation of E3N was a nice touch and just the wit he/it expressed made him feel human but knew and accepted what he was and had no delusions otherwise, a sci-fi trope i'm happy infinity ward did not fall into with E3N.Design: 9/10The locations, scenery and the atmosphere of that vision of a future was really amazing. That first mission on Europa, diving through the clouds and landing on the ice with Jupiter and its massive eye storm almost watching me was a really awesome sight. Then to follow it up with the impressive display of military might with the fleet week parade in the next mission, gave me the biggest smile and really scratched my Sci-Fi itch. Every mission location was interesting and well made and thankfully everything ran smooth and without glitchy incident. Character models are pretty accurate to their real world actor/voice and the overall beauty of the game is top notch. Feel: 9.5/10This is a big one for me as i play games to enjoy them and i'm happy i really enjoyed this one. As i mentioned, there were parts that gave me a big smile and even a hearty laugh at just what i was seeing. As a gamer since childhood and now less than a month away from the age of 30, moments like this are seemingly more rare as time goes on, so when a game makes me smile and laugh and just how cool it looks and feels, i can't help but give it a positive review. I sadly missed out on all the black ops COD titles but i may have to go back and get them just to see what all their praise was about, but as for infinite warfare i can say i'm pretty happy with the experience i got.Overall: 8.5/10I really liked this game despite some shortcomings storywise. The look and feel had me happy they whole ride and i'm not upset by any means.Comment on steam reviews:I have seen a lot of hate for this game, from its announcement through launch and almost all of it has been 30% “Boo Sci-fi BS” and 70% “I have to pay more for the remaster of COD4? WTF BRO!” I really really want steam to split its review system into 3 categories: Game (such as gameplay and overall impression of the game). Technical (comments on game breaking glitches, poor performance optimization, ect.) which should all go to a support forum anyway. I had no issues so perhaps it's not the games fault and just players computers/drivers/antivirus and so on. I have a decent rig and have no complaints. And finally a category for all other complaints not  game or gameplay related such as comments on the developer's business practices or price choices and all that other nonsense. I have seen really good games have their review section dragged through the mud because of non game related complaints (such as the release of ARK’s Scorched earth expansion where the game was dragged down from a very positive overall with tens of thousands of reviews, down to mixed with in days because of people complaining on the developer's choice to make the expansion a paid one.) Complaints like this have no bearing on the game, its gameplay, community or anything and so has no business dragging down the GAME reivew.
I had really nice weekend to play the new COD Infinite Warfare the story mode campaign was good RollerCoaster experience. I not have seen any bugs or straight issues. The single mode is good. Multiplayer mode Isn't not bad yes u go many times dead but u have to training your self to get better but if jumping not for u stay away or give a change. I don't understand why people's giving rating 1 or 0 why get mafia higher score mafia was more problematic in technical. To give this game 1 rating is a bit over the top. Stop moaning!!! If u not like yes that your choice but so bad is this game also not and differently not 1 rating  I give this game rating a 8 story mode was great.
Singleplayer did actually surprise me, I liked it, though there where a few shortcomings the overall story was good and enjoyable. This title had moments where i got semi goosbumps, made me, somewhat, care and even excited for what was coming next. I did not expect this so ++ to Infinity ward! =) That said, everything is happening so fast that it was hard to get realy attached to the main character`s. Speed of things in the story even made some connections shallow and difficult to belive could have so much meaning as displayed in the game. Think of it as an action packed science fiction movie and you are good. Its a COD game so i dont know why im even mentioning this :D Overall i am impressed by the sinlgeplayer campaign! Have not tried multiplayer yet so no opinion there for now. TBC
This game is amazing.  I have not gotten too deep into zombies and multiplayer but the campaign is the heart of this game.  All the characters were very well voiced and written, the missions never really dragged out.  There was an intensity and urgency in the storyline that has been absent since the modern warfare series.  I felt very connected to the characters in this game and the connection to them carries through into the ending credits.  I bought the 100-dollar package and I have not really gotten in the modern warfare remake because the campaign in infinity warfare was remarkable.  There was no cliff hanger ending but it left it open to potentially expanding the storyline which I really hope they do with the season pass.  It would be nice to see more story expansions for once when it comes to call of duty. Multiplayer is nice but a good story in a game is about on the level with watching a season of your favorite show over again because you enjoyed it.  Plus you won’t feel like you wasted your money on a season pass when a new call of duty comes out and the multiplayer lobby eventually becomes empty because people are playing the new stuff.  Besides typing my hopes and dreams for season pass, I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to forget about the world for a while and enjoy a good story.
CoD is back with Infinite!!. Awesome graphics, surprising action, stable, and no issues at all for me. Welcome back CoD!!!.
I have to rate the zombies mode for this game 10 / 10 . After years of playing black ops zombies ( and loving it ) the makers of spaceland zombies have looked at what makes a good game of zombies and worked on that . Small features such as returning perks to regain the slot , the ATM machine to give other teammates some much needed points . Playing zombies in spaceland has been one of my more enjoyable experiences on all the zombies maps ( i have played all official maps and many customs )Regarding the multiplayer , i found the maps to be well sized for the 6 vs 6 gameplay , where you are spawning right into the action almost everytime .  I like the modern weaponry and equipment availible in the multiplayer.  The game keeps things consistent with other multiplayer COD games so the format and weapon ranking system will look familiar . Also connecting to players ( friends ) on this game is 100 % painless , i have experienced 30 minute + sessions on other COD games trying to connect to my local players and also online players , this game allows friends to join custom zombie games in progress without any problems or retrying , or messing with router settings . To all the negative reviews , i must say most of them are from ill informed idiots who basically do not know their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from their earhole. I am tired of reading how everyone wants WW2 weaponry and do not want "futuristic" content. Think about it this way , instead of demanding your own way with everygame that ever releases , try playing an old game to satisfy your desire to be stuck in the past . Most of the negative reviewers are kids - 18 years old who have not seen games grow as i and others have , they just jump on the bandwagon whatever is being said as they are sheep who blindly follow instruction .This game has received a lot of consideration into what works well in gameplay , i see that in the zombie mode , a lot of effort and work has gone into that one map of zombies i am excited to see the rest of the maps . Of course i had some mouse issues at the beginning of the game , but they have been resolved now. All you negative reviewers and general internet tools try consider the fact you could not do the job these game developers do , i bet most of the reviewers have never even looked into modding let alone programming an entire game , so before you judge , try being an expert yourself , if you are not an expert then do not speak on the subject . I can assure you it is not a simple task to create / maintain a game like this .Now excuse me while i go enjoy this excellent game , and all you guys who want the classic weaponry etc , may i recommend battlefield 2 , it will have all your needs regarding WW2 weapons and will run on your potato pcs :)
I honestly enjoy this game. The campaign was fun 100 percent better than black ops 3. the zombie mode also much better fun but the multiplayer mode ..... i suck on it that always got 4 kill and 20+dealth.... i am sure that if i play IW's multiplayer on ps4 i will get 20+kill and 4 dealth lol. sorry m eng not so good tho.... overall i give IW 6/10. The bad thing was the MP mode on pc got a lot of bugs and ping a lot of problem too....
Cant even ♥♥♥♥ing play it because i bought it off ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it was region locked for the UK
Decent game.
2 words: best campaign ever................................................................ Wait what?
Mass Of duty : Ace Warfare Horizonpros :Good story Fun Multiplayer Modern Warfare RemasterdCons:graphics are for 2010 (at ultra settings)Freezes in the menu!REAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SERVERS ( I mean wtf , in MWR you can't even see your ping!!!! we Need a Server Browse mode asap)I never had any issue with the game, i have a gtx 980, 16 gig ram , i7 4790k and i get around 120 fps at ultra settings ( idk what these people in the comment section are talking about) The thing is if you played a COD every year, you should Skip this one cuz it's the SAME ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥..but if it's your first time playing a futuristic COD or you want Modern Warfare Remasterd or you enjoy a well written space story ,then i recommend it.
I m quite surprised how bad the feedback for this game is.It sure has some design-flaws, but they are mostly my personal opinion (e.g. sound-conduction in vacuum... could have put so much more atmosphere in the game with a nice depressing silence at times...)It sure is well done and i had fun playing it.If you like a good sci-fi-story then this is for you.If the reviews on the multiplayer-part is preventing you from buying it... put it to wishlist and buy it when it is cheaper... the singleplayer-story is at least worth that!
mw1 is pretty good
This game will only suffer from lack of player base if everyone decides that there's not enough people. It's a catch 22; people don't play because the player base is small, and the player base is small because people don't want to play. Support the community and help raise the population!If you love call of duty, get the game. This game has its issues yes, but overall the game is rock solid. Multiplayer is a blast for me and I was unsure of it before really getting into it. Give it time and learn how to adapt to the maps, weapons and play styles. Zombies is also quite amazing as it doesnt take itself completely serious and there are loads of things to uncover!
What's all that negative rubbish is about? Some muppets have played for 15 min and moan (wtf?). Im not having any tech issues with GTX970, stable 60 fps. Gameplay is very good, enjoying the campaign so far. I've not played much CoD before and just wanted a fun shooter to smash few arses after work and that's what the game delivers quite well. Glad I've not believed these moaning crap reviews which must be mainly due to hardware problems or some mental issues many youngters have these days.
its pretty solid +1 Thumbs Up
Honestly, I like this game. I bought the legacy edition, by the way. There's a few things I have to say about this and MWR, some negative and positive.For some reason, IW runs better than MWR at the equivalent graphics settings for some reason. MWR actually stutters and most of its environment starts me off at 70- FPS. However, I can easily 'max' IW at its capped 91 fps, which is okay for me. I feel MWR needs to work more on its optimization than IW.Another aspect is the look of IW. It honestly feels weird in my opinion - a familiar theme is presented throughout multiplayer - sci-fi themes, verticality, and hex-style plating on armor and weapons - PLANETSIDE 2! This definitely reminds me of Planetside 2 for some reason. I don't know if it's the weird motion blur and DOF Inf. Ward had implemented or I don't know, but it feels the same way, however, it runs better than PS2 in most cases (lol).I honestly feel IW can make more changes in gameplay than performance. I have heard about all these host migration nightmares, however, I haven't run into any in my first few games. However, MWR needs to release a few patches in terms of fixing performance, even memory issues that might be causing an almost 10 year old game with only refined graphics to run slower with random lag spikes in contrast to IW.If you feel weird about trying this new CoD, try it out, or at least wait until the feedback gets a bit more positive. I've been seeing that all the space-themed negative comments have been ruled out, most are technical and specific issues that is bugging everyone.I believe both these games have a potential in actually being considered "good" by everyone else.IW - 7/10MWR - 6/10
Sold my knife to play MWR, and oh boy am I loving the game. Only recommending this because of cod4, IW sucks
Call of Duty: Infinite WarfareWe all knew it would be another space shooter, but this one actually got me good.The Campaign is solid, the Multiplayer feels like an Infinity Ward style Multiplayer and the Zombies Map is fun.Eventhough it is a space-shooter and we didn't want it, Infinity Ward can't just change the game-concept.This game was in development BEFORE Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare WAS EVEN RELEASED!They had NO IDEA how this future style would turn out at all.And NO you CAN'T just scrap an idea that is 1/3 way DONE. Developers DO NOT have the time or resources for such a thing!So Please, if you want a solid game, that is better than the previous 3, buy this one. Definetly worth a shot!9/10 - Infinity Ward at it again.
The campaign is great; different than other COD's, space combat is fun, story is compelling, good characters, good pace, the customisation aspects offer a little diversity to levels, a few choice "boss battles" in a sense that are fun. It's decent.The multiplayer is a bit meh, didn't really draw me in and I couldn't get a solid 60fps which sucks.The cod 4 remaster is a bit of a disaster, the multiplayer still feels like the same game but runs poorly (again, struggling to achieve 60fps consistently). Haven't played much of the singleplayer but from what I have I've experienced long load times and stutter.Haven't played zombies yet.All in all I think it's a good package but would wait for a sale or get it on cdkeys (legacy edition) like i did for 45 quid lol.
Good game, Campaign is good and Online needs a competitive mode.
Despite all the hate. I actually quite enjoyed the game (campaign) itself. Story was decent and when it comes to MP, well, it's cod. So I think there is no reason for hate except for the fact that the game setting is the same as it has been since 2012. Futuristic bs. But this one is actually quite ok. Peace.
Actually good game, not just the remaster. Did you really dislike Black Ops III? Bad news for you.This game is practically a very improved Black Ops III... With space and robots... And new concepts...Yeah...For me this is the best CoD I've played since Black Ops II came out :) I would recommend it very very much!
Ok so I was going to write a review of this game giving that pros and cons and how well it plays compared to previous incarnations of the series bla bla bla. But then I realized, who the **** really cares about that? I mean come on, it detracts from the entertainment value of any media. So instead of all that, this is what I have to say.If you wanted another highly mechanical FPS to complain about then move on.If you want to play an awesome space warfare FPS RPG with dogfighting and robots... then step right up cuz this is for you.
i bought the game souly for cod 4 remastered, i figured sense i spent so much and bought infinite warfare i might as well try it. its pretty much advanced warfare 2, still has specialist and way to many score streaks. But to my supprise, i have enjoyed playing both games. i was not a fan of advanced warfare but they seemed to have fixed all the issues i had with the game for this one. overall i would recomend this game and i look forward to more zombies maps!
campaign was fun till the end, then story got weak. multiplayers is fun, but if youre coming from console like i am, will take some getting use to.
It' a Call of Duty game...nothing to say
It is sad how many people are giving this game such a bad review and saying it's crap because "it's a futuristic" game when most of them either haven't played or they have but they only look at the bad. The game is very good gameplay wise now the multiplayer could use some work on just making it a little more immersive like black ops 3. However this game does do very well on the game itself. I've seen a lot of people bashing the textures saying they look like crap and everything...I haven't had a single problem with the textures looking bad yet but I don't have a piece ofâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥computer either. But I would recommend this game to anyone who is a true cod player especially if you liked black ops 3. (P.s. It's not quite as good as BO3 but it's not a bad game on any sense)
I would have to say I recommend this game on launch day I had no problems regarding the game but it was on the second day where now every game i get into it crashes because of a directx error. It is unplayable for me currently. If I resolve this problem I'd 100% recommend this game. The port is well optimized. I get no frame dips I am able to max the game out in 4k no problem natively.My Specs:CPU: FX 8350GPU: R9 290XRAM: 20gb HyperX
I have only played the campain thus far but I got to say that it was pretty damn good. So if you are a solo player feel free to pick this game up
awesome game!
Relax. Its COD.Zero G fights are cool, the sniper rifle that switches to an assault rifle is cool. I liked the options to pick different missions, the stealth ones were sweet. To me the flying levels were great, but I wasn't expecting a sim. The story is whatever, but as if everyone didn't already skip all the cinematics, and I've played every COD and I couldn't tell you what the story was in any of them, and I already forgot the story to Titanfall 2, which I also thought had a fun campaign. Bottom line, expectations for COD should be a 6 hr micheal bay style campaign, incremental changes/tweaks to the multiplayer system, and a continuously improving zombies mode, and to me that's exactly what you get here.
I was skeptical at first.. To buy or not to buy... Will it be populated ? Will it be any good ?In the end i bit the bullet and bought the game.Coming from a guy who has played every COD since World at War, this is myu overall opinion. 1. Campiagn is beyond epic, by far best campaign i've ever played. 2. Multiplayer is a vast improvement over Advcaned warfare and Black ops 3. 3. Zombies gave me giggles and fear.. Can't fault it. Multiplayer:No overpowered guns, no overpowered perks. Special ability's could use a little tweeking, but ovgerall well done. The mix between balistic and energy weapons is great, i wouldn't have it any other way. Wall running has been massivly improved, with almost EVERY wall being runnable. People judged this game purely on the beta. Please... DO NOT judge a game based on a stupid beta. The beta was garbage, which is why i was skeptical. Overall a solid COD marking a nice 8/10 for me. Today i will now buy the season pass, that's how much i appreciate this game.
I'm calling it now, this is the most UNDERATED game of the year, or at least in terms of single player. The single player campaign is one of the best of the COD franchise, in terms of the story, characterization, Gameplay, etc.. It's an amazing mix between Black ops 2 and/or 3 (more like 2 for me) and Mass Effect. There is even side missions for goodness sake! They're like 5-15 minutes each, but extremely fun. I completed this game between 7-8 hours which is really not bad, but it would have been a much longer game for sure in terms of lengthier or just more side missions to do; it's closer to an RPG game than your typical COD campaign. I give the campaign alone a 9/10. Now the multiplayer is probably the weakest in the game, which mostly explains all the negative reviews because not many people play the campaign with any video game now days. Now, that's not to say it sux. I personally still think it's alot of fun. It's much better than Ghost and Advanced Warfare for sure. I personally like it a little more than BO3. Maybe i'm more keen to it's futuristic setting more than B03's adaptation. It feels a little more militaristic. Nothing really new though, pretty much the same old. The map designing is impressive, but like ghost, probably a little bit too big for a COD game. I give it a 7.5/10 Now last but not least....ZOMBIES! I actually had low expectations for this, because I was hoping they go back to an Extiction like mode, pretty much like Zombies mode but Aliens which would make sense for a space game right? So for Infinity Ward to do Zombies as well made no sense to me, only that they where probably thinking "People only care for Zombies so we should do it too." But I still gave it a chance, and I'm SOOOO glad i did! They way they did it with the 80's sci fi style made it extremely fun! It's wacky but they made it work unlike BO3. Treyarch made Zombies for B03 completely over the top. With the newer DLC released by adding Dragons and such was a bit too much for my taste. I think Infinite Warfare made the right decision here to continue with the zombies mode tradition. Most people think it's the only redeemable thing about the game, but I think the single player along with zombies mode the game awesome. 8.5/10 Overall it's not a terrible game at all. There is just a bunch of whiny PC butthurt trolls. I'm a PC fanatic but at least I try something before judgeing it. Most people I know LOVE the game. The console players at least are a more humble community. It's just becoming a thing now to be in the COD HATE bandwagon. I overall enjoy this game and did not regret my purchase. Now the problem with the PC edition is it's bad port. Terrible Optimiztion. Alot of people been having these issues like screen tearing and Framerate drops. I don't have and problems luckily, even with max settings, but sadly alot of other people do. It's like ACTIVISION does not care for the PC community at all. Also it is a little ridiculous to only get Modern Warfare Remaster if you buy the LEGAY edition, it should be a seperate purchase, and hopefully they will sometime soon. But for $80 for 2 FULL games that have both Single and Multiplayer modes really isn't Bad, compared to EA with the Battlefield and Battlefront rip offs. If you buy the complete Deluxe edition which includes Infinite Warefare + Season Pass + MW:R its $99. But if you Buy Battlefield 1 with the season pass, it's $110. see what I mean? Overall I give Infinite Warefare a 8.5/10I will also review Modern Warfare Remaster once I complete the game. So stay tune for an upate!
Really good game. It got me back into cod. It has got cod back into action I think. I thought cod would die but now its got me thinking it will rise again.
TL.DRIf you want a good  with strong characters :   get it and play the campaign and  the campaign.If you want the stupid  :   play the old games.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I have played every Call of Duty that I own for 1 thing only: it's campaign.Infinite Warfare has the  campaign I have played in a long time.I needed a good sci-fi story, and I got it!Very well executed sci-fi setting, gorgeous looking environments, everything feels and looks great. High production value that makes it feel like a sci-fi movie. At more than one point during the story I felt that it would have been incredible in VR. The characters you will meet and fight with will leave their mark on you if you get pulled in the game. Cannot say more without spoiling the story. I didn't get bored during my 11 hour stroll through the story at any point, which is very rare considering the games that come out these days.All the gameplay additions (wallrun, jetpack, zero-g, equipment) merge brilliantly in the game and nothing feels artificially brought in. Some scenes are just, simply put: incredible.To be honest, the setting is just like how I imagine a war in Leviathan Wakes (The Expanse TV Show).Haven't touched multiplayer and will not touch it. The only multiplayer they should have done is a co-op type of multiplayer, where each player acts in the world (not necessarily in the same place).Facts:Some critique:
Great game !!! Beuatifull story and atmosphere. Little short campaign, but every mision is emotive. The ending records are also great. I really enjoyed playing this game.
This game actually surprised me.. Movement is VERY smooth really fun to play/grind. If you can get over the robots that you barely notice, this is a really great game. Everything is really well done, zombies, mwr, campaign, well worth the money imo!
The main reason I got this game was for Modern Warefare, which is a great remaster and worth every penny in my view, nonetheless IW's campaign was fun and refreshing, it is the first time I feel connected to COD campaign characters. The zombies is a lot of fun if you are a 80s kid like me, very nostalgic. The multiplayer is nothing revolutionary it is basically more COD, so if you have played newer COD games and liked it you will enjoy it, but it is not a revolution in the way COD is played but a lot of fun to play. I have gtx 1070 and could get 90+ fps which is good enough IMO, but not ideal. The netcode is not as good as overwatch of battlefield but there isn't any noticeable lag anywhere in the game. Overally, I think it can hold its own as a decent COD game.
runs decnt at 1600 x 1072p easily best cod sound design because its more loud punchy boomy & you can hear the orange fall on the groundlisten people the 3 years defenitely improved the graphics. the smoke looks shiny/bluish/white with a detailed texture.as usual a lot of great in gameplay facial animations where they talk to you & head track when you move around in 60 fps like hl2 unlike bf1 that has a nuncha pre rendered cut scenes & claim its in game! the feet are back when you look down, everybody cast shadows, when youre in the snow itll stick to a clean gun. dead bad guys still have physics when you shoot them. the mp maps look great. vareity of colors, solid 3 lane flow with sticky wall running, the lighting gives it a realistic look, theres a map where its very dynamic with alot of particles flying everywhere on a damaged space ship. i havent ran into a single map that i want to skip. theres destrctible tombstones on that mw3 paris city looking map Long story short. this is what killzone shadowfall shouldve been.
The game had been practically killed off by the internet before its release.I'm so glad i chose to give it a chance anyway.Note: Can be pretty demanding. Make sure your computer checks out on the spec requirements before buying.SINGLEPLAYER:The singleplayer of this game is alone enough to warrant the full price. The story and gameplay is amazing - the weapons are insanely cool, and the shooting feels solid. The recent cod games after MW3 have been lacking, but i personally think this is the best game in the series. Its like a mix of Halo, Destiny, Mass Effect and Call of Duty, and it feels great! I havent enjoyed a singleplayer shooter this much since Halo 3, seven years ago.Space combat. Extremely satisfying.9/10 singleplayer.MULTIPLAYER: The multiplayer, on one hand, has solid gameplay - in theory. It feels responsive and there is no noticeable game-induced lag. The mechanics work well, as usual, though unlocks and ranking up can feel a little cluttered, but that may be a personal flavour.As of right now there are not that many players, so there are few playlists that can find a connection. The maps feel very small and cluttered, and spawns are awkwardly close to each other. You will get shot in the back almost as often as you do in Advanced Warfare, and the only way to use sniper rifles is to learn to quick scope or to sit in a corner. The game could really use some larger, more open maps to accomodate a lot of their weapons, as right now SMGS and shotguns reign superior over everything else. But that's nothing new to the series, its simply accentuated here. Fire rate generally beats anything else.That doesnt mean its bad - its many, many times better than advanced warfare. And perhaps in the future it might get better. 6/10 Multiplayer.
You know why I recommend this game ? Because I can't find a place to recommend COD MW Remastered -.-
Bought for the remastered, as well as wanting to see how well the new game was. Game is good i'd say, though the remastered is by far worth more than the new game completely. Based solely on multiplayer experience, the new multiplayer isnt enjoyable to me, as too many people go prone mid firefight in close quarters, jump all the time, and slide everywhere. Its an unforgiveable experience for players of the older games. Weapons lack significant punch in multiplayer, and sniping is irrelevant due to the map sizes unless you are a quickscoper. Anyway if you want good multiplayer, go for the classic remastered, not the newer game. Overall i'd say its good, but doesnt feel at all like a call of duty game to me.
You know, without lag the multiplayer is realy fun. Sure it needs a bit of tweaking, but the Campaing is amazing and zombies is really fun. Plus if you're tired of all that high tech stuff, you can hop on to MWR and relive the good old days. It's not perfect, but it's hella solid. It's not innovative or mind blowing, it's mindless fun. Pros: -If you like CoD, you'll enjoy this-Zombies. Need I say more?-Campaing is AMAZING-Graphically it's pretty niceCons: -Small-ish online community :( -No dedicated servers -_--Lag issues
Singleplayer is very very good, i enjoyed it. I didnt have any problem with graphics and game runs ok for me. On the other hand, Multiplayer is total garbage, to fast, bad netcode that ruined my experience. If you are a type of singleplayer person then this is a good game to have, if you want multiplayer, then i wouldnt recomend it.AMD FX 8120GeForce GTX 970G18gb RAMSamsung SSD 120gbWindows 10 x64
honestly havent seen anybody on it since oh oh oh ohhhh 9
Great single player story and concept compared to last a few CODs. But same instant & quick & silly multiplayer experiance,  out of date graphics.
Its better than BO 3 dont worry guys COD 2017 will not be futuristic trust me this is the last futuristic COD.Good multiplayer , epic campaign, and a bad♥♥♥♥♥FUTURISTIC ZOMBIE. Don't play COD 4 remaster play it all.
I feel most of the hate towards this game is because of a 'bandwagon' or a 'trend' people started and people decide to just follow the trends. Here's my honest review.Zombies... A Treyarch favourite gamemode re-designed to an Infinity Ward design. Its great, I've played 30+ hours on the single map yet i still enjoy it every time. Its got great mechanics, plays well, has lots to do and is just bloody fun. The map and character and overall design of the entire mode is great and I havn't come across any flaws yet. Its a great game for zombies, especially when you're playing with mates.Multiplayer... Thrust jumping and wallrunning returns. It dosn't feel AS powerful as black ops III or advanced warfare, but I still find those people who hold jump and shoot and fly around the map. I usually play boots on the ground and use the thrusters as an 'aid' to get to the action faster or reach a high ledge. There is a good amount of combat rigs to play around with, some feel a bit unbalanced but everything has its counter. The customization and 'social' system is pretty fun and the supply drops aren't like the bo3 ones. Overall its a 'fun' multiplayer, but the shotgun/smg rushers get annoying.Campaign... Havn't touched the campaign yet, from what I've seen and heard it seems good, and can't wait to try it.In summary, its a great game, I agree we've gone 'too far' into the 'future' but its fun. We're all here to have fun right? So to that kid who actually got butthurt abusing me because I purcahsed this, have fun on your 'last gen' games that nobody plays anymore ^^
+ fast multiplayer+ fun+ good story (singleplayer)+ fov slider- bit laggy- fps cap
Okay yes COD Remastered does not have the best ports. That is a easy fix there are going to bug and from what i have been reading they are patching the Framerate issues! This game has satisfied me. Infinite warfare zombies is amazing the port's for COD Infinite warfare are good. No Lag , Some fps issues that can be patched. I think that they just need too work on MWR and patch fps and bugs and the game will be fine!
10/10 would play Blacklight Retribution again.infinites multiplayer sucks, play MWR instead.
The game is good, don't listen to all of the people on the   ' i hate this game because everyone else does ' bandwagon. It's pretty much the same as every other COD so as long as u liked those, u will like this too. The game has a few bugs and performance needs to be fixed but this is by no means unplayable like some are saying. Bottom line is if u liked COD before, than i don't see why this one will be any different so just give it a chance and try it for yourself and u might just like it.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare has seemingly managed to invert the traditional pros and cons of the series. While traditionally multiplayer was the key reason to play the game, this time around the campaign is absolutely where the attention to detail lies.Being a huge fan of science fiction and games-long-past like Wing Commander, Privateer, and so on, I found myself absolutely loving the setting. The mix of on-foot gameplay and ship-to-ship combat gameplay is well paced and tends to result in a great feeling of not having to do the same thing twice.During the campaign, you are stationed on a carrier in space. Despite the lack of freedom to explore this ship, the way the ship is introduced to your command does a great job in imparting just how big, complex and impressive it is.  I'm a sucker for space+big ships, and the ship provided for your use does manage to provide that feeling of commanding it. In the end, it gave me a very strong reminder of games like Wing Commander III which was just something that prevented me from putting it down.Gunplay in the singleplayer campaign is fairly tight. After many years of missing a key function such as leaning around corners, it has returned though in a context-sensitive manner that doesn't always work. That being said, it is important to use it when you can when you're playing at higher difficulties, especially the two hidden ones after you beat the game.While some people complained about the flight mechanics of the "Jacks", I found it to be exhilerating, reminding me of a very loose version of Starfox Zero. You have total freedom for hovering in place, while also allowing you to make passes just like in the retro space games of old. Things get less automated as you climb to the secret difficulties, removing the auto-pursuit feature, and requiring you to count your countermeasures you fire.Zombies in Spaceland is interesting enough, however the balance seems to be quite different from Treyarch's offering. A far cry from the last-stand behavior, it's much like a puzzle that really isn't explained well, and without history for the characters involved, it's hard to feel involved. Still a fun distraction.Multiplayer is 'alright', but the games don't feel nearly as smooth as they should be. Ping has a significant impact on what happens in the match, and it feels like the agility as a result of the rigs introduced in Advanced Warfare have finally gotten too strong.  I'll still play it, but I'm nowhere near as enthused as I was with Black Ops 3.All in all, the campaign was stellar. Zombies is a fun diversion, and multiplayer has a bit of cleaning up that needs to be done. Either way, very much worth the money spent.
its ok but closed lobby pisse me off lol xD
My review on Call of Duty Infinite Warfare: 9.7/10This game had an amazing story line after Modern Warfare series, and Black Ops 2, this game gave me a different gaming experience. The characterization of Reyes, Salter, Ethan, Koshima, Omar, MuCullum and Gator were just brilliant. Hats off and thanks a lot Infinity Ward for making an amazing game. Looking forward for the next Call Of Duty game for 2017."Peace to the Fallen".
So a bunch of hate surrounds most of the recent Call of Duty games (basically everything after Blops2). But if I'm being honest, I actually really enjoy this game a lot so far. I purchased the Digital Legacy edition at $71.99 at GreenManGaming. I'm going to review each part of the game, and then review as a whole based on my review of the parts.IW Campaign: Haven't played yet.IW Multiplayer: I have to be honest here. It is miles better than what I thought it would be. Going in, I thought it was going to be a lot like Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warfare: Everyone jumps around and you die. But in Infinite Warfare, I felt like I didn't have to use the Exo abilities in order to win a close gunfight, or traverse the map. It feels like an optional ability rather than something that I originally felt was necessary in order to win a game. Overall, I've been having a lot of fun with this mode.IW Zombies in Spaceland: When it came to Advanced Warfare Zombies, and of course Extinction (but I think we choose not to remember that) I was sort of discouraged when I heard there was going to be another zombies mode not done by Treyarch. Boy was I wrong. This mode draws a very close parallel to what can be experienced in Treyarch zombies, and honestly does not feel that different. Aside from a couple new gameplay elements, some new perks, and an amazing map, Zombies in Spaceland exceeded my expectations as a mode, and I have been spending a lot of time playing it. Also, David. ♥♥♥♥ing. Hasselhoff.Modern Warfare Remaster Campaign: While most COD campaigns basically hold your hand through the entire thing, the graphics look great, and I can't wait to actually sink my teeth into this mode in more depth.Modern Warfare Remaster Multiplayer: Not only does it look damn good, but it felt great to get back to the older style COD without having to run into hackers in every damn server I joined. I had an amazingly good time playing some TDM on this. The guns, movement, and HUD all stay very true to the original, and it feels very nostalgic to play. Really well done.As a whole, the game(s) are really really good. They perform well (on my rig, about 65-90 constant FPS) and don't really have that many bugs if any to mess up the experience. One small thing that I dislike is preloading shaders at launch of the title, but the super quick loading times make up for it by a longshot. The graphics are really vibrant and pretty, and while not as good as a game like Battlefield 1 which runs on a whole different engine, they are still really nice for a Call of Duty title. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a newer COD to maybe get themselves reinvolved with the franchise/ Overall 8.9/10.MY RIG:CPU: i5:6600kCPU COOLER: Cooler Master Hyper 212 EvoMOBO: ASUS Z170-E LGA 1151RAM: 16 GB DDR4 2400GFX: Sapphire Radeon R9 270xHDD: 120 GB SSD, 1 TB HDD, 500 GB HDD, 1 TB External HDDCASE: NZXT Phantom 410PSU: Corsair 430 W
The game is so underrated
Story was actually good. Story 8/10. MP 5/10. I love space 10/10.
This is the best Call of Duty title ever created.No joke, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This title is worth your money and time, especially if you're into space flight and everything that involves being in space. This is *the* most recommended chosen title to keep you occupied until Squadron 42 of Star Citizen hits the public floor.Enjoy~. ( And yes, I just compared it with Star Citizen, let that tell you just how good this game feels and plays. )10/10~.Full letsplay now available starting from start to finish below:
People are giving this a negative review because of what other people say. The people bashing the game haven't even played it for themselves. I was too saying "Battlefield 1 WON" but I wanted to give the benefit of the doubt here. It's not a bad game, it's not spectacular. It's what you expect every year from this series. PLAY IT, HATE IT, THEN♥♥♥♥♥♥TALK IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I expected to be dissapointed in this game, heard bad stuff about it but when i sat down and played the campaign...It was a hole new experience. The developers of this game really wanted the players to get emotional for the main characters you play with. There's tons of cool stuff, i just wished it never had to stop, i could play it all day an night long.I won't spoil you for the ending of the campaign but expect to get emotional, i cried ALOT. Definitely on the credits.I would recommend this game to the fullest, it's the first game i've played in ages that can actually ♥♥♥♥ with my emotions and feelings.I had moments where it felt like i knew the soldier's and people i fought with, and it was sad to see them go.To Much Feels 10/10 - IGN
I love the game! The campaign is AWESOME so far. The graphics and action is top of the line. Love the new scenary! Loving the single player campaign. By the way, playing the game in 4K with a GTX 980 ti.
I am honestly tired of all of the♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is getting. People are complaing because they didnt get what they wanted so then go play somthing else dont be on here calling this game♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its pretty clear its just not for you. I personaly love the game, it is way better than Black Ops 3. Keep up the good work Infinity Ward!
Love it!!! Im more a fan of the Infinity ward versions over the black ops. I think infinity wards map structure is ahead by light years. The graphics, fluidity, gameplay, and overall feel of this game is perfect. PLus with the addition of MW remastered how could you pass up?.. Both games are beautiful, well crafted, and fine tuned. Great job Im impressed, even after being sick of call of duty re-runs. Kudos infinity ward/activision.
Multiplayer is just more of the same BO3 BS. Almost a clone of the same type of expierence. But the single player is actually extremely well made (for a COD game) and zombies is alot of fun.
Bought this just for the campaign because ... yeah, I like simple action games with great pacing and COD is delivering this ever since. While loving the Multiplayer of BO3 I don't care about this one ... busy with Titanfall 2. So just in short some words regarding the single player: Looks great, sounds great, runs great (on a gaming notebook with a gtx980m).
Wow are these reviewers harsh. Someone said it was not optimized for PC. I am running the game with 16GB of ram on an nvidia 870m  3gb laptop. Yes I am getting 60 FPS. My lowest drop is about 51 FPS on High settings @ 1366*768.  So the game seems greatly optimized for PC to me. I love the campaign. I dont play multiplayer on PC soooo, I cant speak for COD MP on PC. I will say the consoles are where it is at, when it comes to the MP. No COD does well with MP on PC. If you love COD and like the campaigns get this game. I did not like Blackops 3 period, maybe I am just partial to infinity ward, mehhh!
Actually good game.
What can I say about Call of Duty; Infinite Warfare? I enjoyed it very much its the first Call Of Duty game i've played in a long time and its exactly what I expected the campaign is roughly ten hours of running around or flying a fighter ship and killing a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. its mindless but my god is it fun it also has some really emotional scenes which I appreciate... I really enjoyed it and I dont care what anybody else says however I have not turned my hand to multiplayer or the zombies so take this review with a pinch of salt.
The campaign - best since MW1 and MW2.
Before you judge, I buy COD every year and I am a sniper.I personally like the game a lot and I wish it had more players.Pro's -Graphics are very much updatedOptimization is on pointSniping is better than everCampaign is kickassZombies is very funCons -StutteringTTK is too fastParty system needs to be fixedMore people need to buy the game
Ok this is a honest review 3/4 of the reviews on this game are just people hating because there haters. I bought the Modern Warfare Remastered pack and Infinite Warfare I will say the game is in development it just came out people hate it already because theres bugs that need to be fixed and stuff like that well what do you expect a game to be 100% perfect when it comes out, well i dont I will tell you that, I like this game and before you know it the game will be awesome (I recommend it)! I will Tell you some Pros and Cons now.[Pros]-Great gameplay-Cool graphics-New cool maps!-Multiplayer is AWESOME! (In my opinion)[Cons]-There needs to be some balances to guns-Wall running, sliding, and flying dont feel as smooth as Black Ops 3-To play this game PLEASE have a decent computer please take this seriously if you want to save money!-Running is a bit chunkyThere you have it! I personaly like this game so i would rate this Recommended and out of ten i would say this game is a 7.7/10. Thanks for reading this!If this review helped you please rate this review a "Helpful" and peace out!
Not as bad as Im tought, I wanted MW1 the most out of this but IW is not that bad
awesome game campaign most lovely shooter campaign  i played i cried when the campaign was done , not gonna tell otherwise spoilers
Online MP is fun , Private Match is fun too. SinglePlayer is good and Zombies is ok.BUT OH MY GOD. ModernWarfare Remastered is the stuff we have all been wating for. All the original maps remade (same with campaign) , great graphics and PRIVATE MATCH WITH BOTS AND ACTUALLY GOOD AI! I love it XD
Cod 4
Honest Review - Not sure what i think of Infinite warfare but i do love modern warfare remastered, its amazing, but as i said, i dont even know if i like IW or not. Edit - Took a little bit of time to get into it. Try it out, but dont expect to be 100% into it right at the start with MP, just give it time to get into it especially if you play MWR before hand. TLDR - Give it time to get into it and you might actually like it, runs smoothOh and to the kids crying about server browser for COD4, Other versions didnt have a SB so deal with it? Atleast its better than getting into 10x xp servers, and servers with bs admins.
Pretty fun game...
I dont see why people dont like this game. This game is like a more energetic and futurestic black ops 3. I thought for sure if you like black ops 3 you will like this game but for some reason people dont like this game. I will say the graphics are not the best i have seen before but i have not played though the hole campaign yet. But over all its a good game. So far single player was not a bad experince i only experinced one crash in infinte warfare and that was adjusting the settings at the main menu. I have been playing some modern warefare. Im not big of a fan of the multi player but i really like the camapign in it. I think modern warefare multi player really stood out in the day because there was nothing like it back then.
The singleplayer campaign is one of the best i have ever played. Simply amazing story and cutscenes, it feels like a high quality science fiction full of drama and action.In my opinion, the campaign alone is worth the full price.Good soundtrack, amazing visuals, the details on the ships and bases is amazing.Game runs good and loads very fast.Zombies is a lot of fun as usual.Multiplayer is fun and fast paced as is usual in COD.And unlike BF1, the enemies aren't bullet sponges.Highly recommend this game. 10/10
if you ignore the really outdated graphics and sound desing, its a good game, single player is ok same as multiplayer, zombies... zombies don't exist since it wont find you anyone unless your lucky you will find some player after 20+ of waiting.
The campaign is awesome. Runs smoothly, no fps drop, no crashes. I had enjoyed the game more than Black Ops 3 last year.
i Love this game.It has some bugs but when they fix them it will be awesome!!
The campaign is seriously awesome.
After 30 hours + I wanna write a review for this game. I only played 2 mode which are multiplayer and zombies.Pros:-Actually quite fun to play multiplayer.-Awesome zombies map and new wonderweapon-Run well on my pc FX8350 and Nvidia GTX 1060 no fps dropCons:-Poor lobby match making in zombies and multiplayer.-Can only play TDM cannot play another mode at all.-Kill time is somewhat short and unfair-Not noobs friendly-Poor match making for zombies require 4 players to join the game instead of going with 2 or 3 people.-Lack of guns, using varient and supply drop to substitute for the better guns.-Mouse and keyboard sometime throw it self out of place. Poor mouse optimization for PC.Bottomline:I reccomend this game for players that love the COD series and wanting new experience in zombies. As for multiplayer there are not much difference at all from BO3. There are team mission for you to grind for better guns. But it's not as good as BO3 where every one can unlock everything and be somewhat on equal ground.
Idk why people are hating this game is good and stfu about advanced warfare v2 all new cods are the same
Idk why people are hating this game is good and stfu about advanced warfare v2 all new cods are the same
I must say, I buy every CoD game year after year just for campaign, the only decent multiplayer mod was in Modern Warfare 2-3, (for me)A lot of people are throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥in the direction of this game, but I disagree with you. The plot of the campaign is very interesting and the story set perfectly, this game is not Modern Warfare 2, but it is very good.
So I've really enjoyed this game, but I've only played Single Player. It has a healthy mix of land, space, and space vehicle battles. In addition to the main storyline, it has numerous side missions-- I've unlocked 8 optional side missions so far. There are a lot of weapons, and each is customizable before each mission. Lastly, the story is pretty cool and the characters are believable. The only issue I have is with slight video stuttering in transitional scenes, for no longer than 2-3 seconds.
zombies is ok
Infinite Warfare is merely perfect considering the Multi-player is legit, also the zombies is a whole new experience.  Than considering if you buy Deluxe, it comes with remastered MW which is almost worth $80 alone imo the multi-player on that is beyond legit; and both come with their respective story modes so like 5 different game types in theory.  We need people on PC to play this more to populate the servers.  I hope Call of Duty is doing a good job dealing and keeping hackers out but other than that... BUY AND PLAY THIS (AND MODERN WARFARE)
PC optimization for this game surprised me, its actually pretty decent (except for the 91 fps lock, but even that feels smooth even on a 144hz monitor)The game itself is fun and addicting. I hit 2nd prestige lvl 30 in the first weekend. Even if you don't like the multiplayer, you have to love the singeplayer, its one of the best SP's in years.And if you get the 80$ version you get an entire extra game - MWR.8/10
some ppl will genuinely enjoy this game but with so much hate its hard to even say you like it without some negative feedback. But i do really like the game yes i would perfer boots on the ground cod. but lets hope next year thats all said and done its a solid game runs great( i dont like the 80 fps cap tho) it has 120 fov. great story. im sure with time the game will be better as of right now i still enjoy the game play its a 7/10 for me. and i would buy it again.
I really hope that the horrible CoD community can get over themselves and give this game a shot.. I wasn't even going to buy it, but was pleasently surprised when I did. For ME the PC port has been great also. I have had 0 issues with it like I have heard some people complain about. Hopefully after a week or two the word will spread from the peoplem who are enjoying it, and the CoD fanboys will finally get bored of whatever they are doing now and pick up the game. Would really love to see more players online... but as is, I haven't had too much trouble finding games. Modern Warfare remastered has given me some issues on the other hand... After a patch the other day the game runs really nice now, but durring the "loading" into the map, it takes a while and drives my CPU temps up to 90-100 only while loading, then right back down to 60-70... and I just don't trust that until they patch it.
So a lot of the negative reviews don\t actually cover the topics of the game. Many are either upset that the publisher bundled Modern Warfare Remastered with the game or that the multiplayer communities got split. Others compare it with Battlefield 1, but still, those are not reviews of this game, just popular commentary.so to start, this is my favorite CoD I have ever played. The controls are tight, movement is great and I genuniely like all the guns enough that I don't have any one favorite. The game has three parts, Campaign, Multiplayer and Zombies, though this is where the mistakes begin even with the genuine review. The biggest, and most tragic, mistake I have seen from reviewers is that everyone reviews the multiplayer with little to no play time within Campaign or Zombies as nearly all  CoD titles in the past have been Multiplayer focused and this one was not advertised, really, any differently. So to put this clearly: THIS IS A SINGLE PLAYER FOCUSED TITLE. If you are coming for the multiplayer, the community is fine, the controls, weapons, game modes and maps are strong. However, this isn't the next innovative multiplayer experience - the multiplayer is fun, but is an add-on to the single player aspects of the game.The campaign however...the campaign is astounding. Details, gorgeous, real and believeable: Infinite Warfare's campaign is the campaign I've always wanted, but never knew I did. From amazing missions, to a connection with you crew and characters that you grow to love to the gorgeous and varied scenes, you feel like a captain of a huge starship fighting through the solar system in believeable ways. No description, however, can give justice to the experience of the campaign. You honestly control your ship, from you and your fighter's loadout, to all-stealtjh assasination missions to dog fights, the campaign is as long as you want it to be. If you get CoD Infinite Warfare and don't play the campaign, you are missing one of the best FPS campaigns ever written.Zombies is a fantastic and wide co-op or single player gamemode. Fun, great, huge map with interesting and funny story, great acting and good gameplay that the player can easily sink many more hours into. It's comparable to the Multiplayer and certainly just as large.Given the size and quality of the Campaign, Multiplayer and Zombies, this is a game I have no issues sinking 60 USD into. This game is amazing: don't be jaded towards Infinityward and enter the campaign with an open mind, what you will experience is fantastic. Enjoy.
I'm not sure if people are just hating on the game at this point because it's the popular thing to do, or because they hate the title as a whole. That being said I went into this extremely low expectations, and I was blown out of the water.The graphics are absolutely amazing, and multiplayer has this density to it that call of duty has never had before, and the zombies... don't get me started on the zombies. It's so different from the other titles that it's a bit stumping at first, but it's overall an improvement.The game is locked at 60 fps, but that's extremely consistent, and the modern warfare remaster is.... well it's what everyone wanted... it's just a really pretty modern warfare. Still poorly optimized for mouse and keyboard controls, still too easy to noob toob and spawn camp, still 2 bullet kills. Same old modern warfare.That being said, I still love modern warfare.I think in all it's a decent release in the series. Better than black ops III, id say on par with modern warfare II.
"Server connection timed out" 10/10 -IGN
okei first off i have played this alot, i maxed the beta on ps4 and maxed beta on the xbox one aswell so much have changed sinc the beta, the game mechanic is a bit different from black ops 3 movement system but its a better movement system than BO3 yes it is different playing this than BO3 when u havent played more than 1hour on this xD the game runs perfect and i will say better than BO3, ofc some may have problems but you cant say the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥becasue you have problems, i am already on my second Prestige and yea some guns are OP some are not depends on how you play and how you pick perks etc etc, ability power are better and more stable than BO3 where you had ripper and flamethrower xD the supply drops are like Advanced Warfare supply drops and i love it because BO3 supply drops where like oh legendary, epic legendary all the time xD the zombies they have taken the BO3 rank system etc etc and re used it, love that they did that, single player i have only played the first mission but it already looks amazing and plays good, for people wondering does it play on Eyefinity or surround, yes it does, and it runs perfectly for me maxed. recommended AF 10/10 GG WP
I like the campaign a lot! one thing I concern about this game is the Salvage point which is really hard to get and spend ton of hours to get.... one more thing is the match making sysytem. you should fix it to more balanced! I always found opponents with level 40+ and tbh Im just a noob who just starting to play this game! and add more free stuff to attract other people to play this game! thanks for reading!
great overall
Only played single player campaign for an hour so far, it's actually great, far better than BO3, worth a try if you like single player.I don't care about Multiplayer and Zombie mode.
If you enjoy military science fiction, and enjoy Call of Duty for the singleplayer, I highly reccommend this.Space battles are a fun addition to the campaign and having side missions really changes the pace up.If they hadn't slapped the Call of Duty name on this game, people would be praising this.
Amazing game!The multiplayer is fastpace and very engaging. The campaign is very captivating. And the zombies is just plain amazing!
Great game, another great Call of Duty game, unfortunately not what many fans wanted. In my opinion IW is great, and MW Remastered is an experience like when it was released in 2007, no different feeling, the good old style.
MP Mini Review:Would I recommend it for the MP Alone? What I say is wait until the first pc patch and if it fixes some of the bugs I mentioned in the cons portion of this review get it. If you just want a cod game, I'd say get it discounted, but if possible buy it for 60 and play for the first 2 hours and if you don't like it refund it, if you like it refund it and get it discounted. Plus reviews say this is the best campaign since Modern Warfare and I haven't even dove into the campaign. Cons: - XP gain for keys are bugged right now, where some of us are level 40+ and only gained 2 keys from leveling, only way to gain keys for crates for some of us is through grinding zombies and I'm not a zombies player. (should be fixed next patch)- Lag Compensation is pretty bad, you could light someone's♥♥♥♥♥on fire and they'd punt you in a close to close combat, which should be fixed in this next patch (note this is across all platforms)- Menu's are getting only 40-50 fps, while in game is capped to 91 fps. Weird that they capped in game as I have a 144hz monitor, but it doesn't bother me much.- Game plays the best at 120 fov, I usually play 90fov in most games.- TTK is a bit low, w/ the new weapons you practically melt - i've gotten used to it, but people might get annoyedPros:- Maps are better than blops 3- No mouse acceleration in borderless windowed like blops 3- They claim we're on dedicated servers, but they need to patch lag compensation this week- Weapon selection is more fun than blops 3, although it feels like we get less main weapons we do get a bonus 5 weapons of 'classic' weapons from older games.- Weapon variants, take the current weapons and make them better. Not just damage added, more like random perks (think of it like the division) eg.: perk where if you get a double kill it'll auto refill your ammo, or an epic I unlocked where it turned my weapon into a single fire weapon which 2 shot people (that epic is kind of♥♥♥♥♥though the Volks if you're wondering)- Killcam shows how many shots it took for you to die- Enemy health bars, at first I thought this was bad, but it's actually not that bad to know what my opponents health is when everyone has it.- Zombies is pretty fun, even though I'm not a zombie player, but since I wanted to open a crate I grinded a few games of zombies and it's pretty fun. Despite me not knowing where the power switches are aside from the first one, I could see me playing this more in the future.
So right now i got a love/hate relationship with this game. It's butter smooth and the gameplay is the best in a long time nothing to complain on here. My 970 and 6600k is running this game no problem in 1080p. The gameplay is good and the maps feels balanced yet, kinda small. Only problem I've seen so far is that some weapons e.g the SMGs have such a low time to kill time that lagg compensation and so on can kill you before you even see someone shooting at you, hopefully this will be adressed soon. Other then that the game is acually pretty good and went beyond my expectations. I would recommend you atleast give it a try before bashing it completly!EDIT: Mouse accal has been fixed, optimizations have been done, this game is good now, give it a chance!
I would give this game a "Meh" instead of Yes / No if it was an option.Singleplayer: Call of Duty Infinite FeelsZombies: Actually amazing, I don't understand the hate towards it there's so much content in one mapMultiplayer: 4/10 at best. Lag compensation is overdone, no anticheat, framerate locked to 91 / framerate drops, weapons have been balanced horribly, obvious console port (yet again, yes), PC community is tiny, you will never get anything other than FFA / TDM / Domination, really. I didn't pay $100 to beta test your multiplayer, IW.That being said, I'm giving this a thumbs up since the other two gamemodes compensate for it and I believe issues will be patched soon.
I really enjoyed it. Good Story, Good Gameplay, I'm finding specialist mode hard as nails. My only complaint is that the single player campaign felt like it was too short. I really enjoyed the jackal combat too, it felt pretty good played with an XBone controller.Zombies in spaceland is really entertaining.
Why you should buy this game:Infinite Warfare Multiplayer: 1.5 / 10Infinite Warfare Single Player: 8.0 / 10Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare Remastered Single Player: 9.5 / 10Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare Remastered Multiplayer: 1337 / 10
An excellent game from start to finish. I loved playing thru the single player campaign and seeing the amazing visuals. This has to be my favorite call of duty campaign out of all. The story si great, the visuals are great, and your teammates are interesting.
I can safely say that after over 30 hours, I really enjoy this game.The multiplayer, while still very fun for me, is still mostly the same CoD you know, and if that is not your thing, then I understand, but the multiplayer is not why you should buy this game.The campaign. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥FINALLY CoD has returned to great storytelling. It is basically The Expanse the video game, in the best possible way. Epic space drama between the two mega powers of our solar system, characters whos personalities change and the correct amount of story building to get you attached to people, only to watch them ripped away in a moment before your eyes. It is a Sci Fi joy ride from start to finish that provides non stop action, a story that is not predictable, and high quality writing and voice acting start to finish. Sure, if the campaign is all you want, wait to buy this until it is not 60, go right ahead, but do NOT gloss this story over. It is amazing and deserves praise in a world where single player has become an after thought. Fair winds soldiers!
Ethan MVP
Well lets start with the campaign, first cod since bo2 that actually is keeping me away from the multiplayer, the missions are great the interactions with the other npc (when they talk about you) its a fun addition. Character build up is great and the story feels amazing. I am loving my time in the infinity warfare campaign.As for multiplayer my game runs smoothly at 90 fps constant which is great for me. Maps once you get to know them are pretty good actually. Regarding the mp community it is a bit on the down low with just 15k players peak but i never had issues finding a full game.Overall experience is great.
PROS:The game is very beautiful, fast, smooth and very easy to play.A lot of challanges are available for each weapon, payload, tactical an lethal.What i like the most is the prototype lab where you can upgrade your weapons and that can make the difference in a combat.Also I like the new feature "Mission teams" it's like having secondary objective in each match.CONS:Just two gamplay mods in hardcore. (TDM and Moshpit), guys seriously you can add at least DOM.There are not so many weapons.The PING bar is not so relevant like the numeric one in BO3.Unable to set your clan tag.
Best CoD to date. I honestly think half the negative reviewers on here are BF fanboys who just love to hate on the king of FPS which is CoD. I loved the single player campaign and for the first time was emotionally invested in the charecters. When some of my squadmates die in battle, I felt it, I wanted to kill every fing one of those "mars eternal" mofos and rip Jon Snows face clear off his neck. Great job Infinity Ward, oh and this is the best zombies series yet IMO. So much to do and see and I cant wait to find all the secrets ints hiding!
Its like Expanse, except with space AKs.Also as a side note, I don't care about cowadooty multiplayer, never have and never will. Singleplayer is good enough for me.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare,Was already doomed before its release. There is a lot of hate for this game. It seemed to be a common thing now in the call of duty community to really hate on new games. Because they are Futuristic, People hate the movement system. The guns, the "Jumping around",...Despite all of that, this game doesn't feel like the old "Call of Duty's". But I really enjoy this game! This game runs pretty smooth, it is well balanced for pc! I had a good time playing it and I really enjoyed it! This is a good call of duty, they did a great job! and I hope that this game will last at least a year, at least give it a chance!So I would recommend this game to you if you Liked AW & BO3
So many bad reviews but yet I really enjoyed it. The graphics were fantastic and The story was the best out of the series yet. Being in a leading role made you feel more in charge of the game instead of being told where to go and what to do all the time like in previous COD's so they did a great job changing that aspect of the game. There was also some light humour in the game coming from Ethan the robot which was refreshing and made me chuckle a few times. Infinity Ward did exactly what they set out to do with the game and that was to make it personal and for you to be more emotionally attached to the characters, I tip my hat to you Infinity Ward.
I enjoy it. Campaign is fun, zombies is fun, I'm bad at multiplayer but it's still fun. It's not CSGO or TF2, so people will whine. It's not perfect, but it's fine.
Campaign is great, very enjoyable. Idk what issues other people are having but this game runs very smmothly and has NEVER crashed on me. No fps lag whatsoever, it automatically optimized to my computer specs beautifully. Zombies is fantastic, I love what they did. Haven't played CoD4 remastered or the multiplayer yet so I can't really base this review off of that. For some reason CoD can't satisfy anybody anymore, idk why...
I mainly play zombies.  They did a great job.  Please fix health and damage scaling so we can enjoy the map into higher rounds.  This is a staple of the genre.  Thank you.
I want to start out by saying I have not tried any of the Multiplayer. My only interest was Single Player. The campaign to me is better than any of the BlackOps... It reminds me more of how COD started out and what made this franchise great in the beginning.Are there bugs? YesDoes it slowdown sometimes? YesI have not had any crashes or issues loading but it for sure needs some refinement! Coming from Titanfall 2 to this I can say TF2 is a much more refined. However I kind of like the campaign here a little bit better. It's nice to see the franchise try something new and fresh for a change!
Personally, I'm loving Infinite Warfare, don't see why it's getting all the hate.Let's start with pro's-Fun MP maps-Great campaign (from what I've played)-Exo movement is redone, making it better than BO3 and AW-Payloads are fairly balanced-TTK is fast, making this CoD a fast paced game-It's funNow, the con's-Some weapons are a little OP (SMG's)-Payloads are pretty meh-Online community is small (for now)-Same old matchmaking serviceRating: 8/10If you're a fan of Call of Duty and don't care about the direction CoD is going, then I recommend purchasing this game.Edit: Activision, I really hope you're gonna start banning these hackers soon, I was in five games in a row with aim botting losers, that's bringing my rating down to a new and improved 5/10 for the hackers that get away with no VAC's or punishment.
FUN
So before I post this, please keep these following two things in mind:-This is only the second C.O.D. game I have ever played, thus, I may not have had similar expectations to long time fans of the series-I really enjoy sci-fi and thus, that boosted my opinion of the gameMoving on,I thought it was a decent game, I really enjoyed the story, reminded me heavily of the 2003 Battlestar Galactica, minus the extermination of an entire species, but I digress. I found that the game looked particularly good, even though I had to run it on medium settings due to my older computer. I found that I became rather involved with the story, and, really feeling for certain charecters. As a matter of fact, in my opinion the charecters are actually pretty decent. Also, this may or may not be important to some people, but the music in the game is actually extremely good, and, worth a listen. I really can't say anything regarding multiplayer, as I have not really started involving myself with it.Final score, 8/10was rather fun to gallivanting around the solar system in the space equivelent of a Nimitz-Class Carrier. Worth a buy
After having played for 12 and a half hours, I can safely say this has to be one of my favourite Call of Duty's. I thought this game would be♥♥♥♥♥♥after looking at the trailer, but after having played for a while now, the multiplayer and zombies are great! The graphics are great aswell, however there are barely any people playing zombies or multiplayer because people aren't even giving it a shot!
Really enjoyed the campaign, easily one of the best from CoD.Didn't have any crashes or issues, spare some judder in MP that was fixed by setting max prerendered frames to 1 in NVidia driver.MP was a bit dissapointed at first, different, slower pace than BO3 but after playing it for a while, really love it. Some mix between BO2 and BO3, still slides and some double jumps but everything more grounded and requier smarter use of covers and some tactics, rather than outrun and outjump, more similar to traditional boots on the ground CoD.Also have BF1 and TF2, but will definitely be spending most of the time in IW.I think I liked TreyArch BO3 Zombies better, time will tell.
The single-player campaign is actually better than the previous ones. The sci-fi component is solid, way more than other "supposed" sci-fi games. Starships, space travel, colonization: everything is threated realistically and coherently.The multiplayer, unfortunately, is still too chaotic and jumpy jumperino, but at least it doesn't have silly weapons (boxe gloves) and other kiddie â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥t like Black Ops 3. In a way, it's better.
Well this game is actually really fun! kinda reminds me of mw3 with a mix of black ops 3. but sadly it's CoD so people are gonna hate on it
I'll be honest, not what I expected from all the hate put against this COD. Naturally, if people don't like the new boost mechanics, they will instantly dislike the game from personal BO3 experiences. However, it's far more controlled in this game.  I did experience 1 crash and that was it, the only thing that would make this game better would be a few tweaks to small bugs and crashes making IW a bit stressful on those who play it. I loved Black Ops 3 a lot and thought this would be a terrible reskin, but I was wrong. Great work, now let's see if they can not take the same direction Treyarch took with Black Ops 3 through their pathetic updates. :)
I Really Disliked this game when i started playing it. I didnt like the new movement system but now that ive sunk a couple hours into it i really like it. I should say that i never played bo3 before so i dont have say in that but yeah i really liked it. -Tonyhawkjrjacob For President 2020
Campaign and Zombies make it worth a buy, the zombies is awesome infinity ward made a pretty badass zombies. I am not a big fan of multiplayer all the maps are extremely small and its just run and gun, but overall its worth a buy especially if you have enjoyed previous CoD games.
Infinite Warfare is only going to be fun for you in the slightest, if you enjoyed Black Ops 3. If you did not like that game, then I recommend not buying this one. Though the games are different in many ways, their similarities are strong as well. If you would like to get Modern Warfare Remastered, I definetely recommend getting that. It is great, I have fun while playng it, and has a high user population. I love it!
I think I am the only one who kinda enjoys it despite getting my butt handed to me.
This was my second COD game and from my opinion, the detail is very good, good frames and good story line. I think that the multiplayer is also good in my opinion BUT once again I have only 2 COD games so this is good in my opinion. Nice game
In all honesty, i refunded the deluxe edition i had cause it was running like trash on both games. Got only the IW game on a 3rd party way cheaper and decided to try it out again for half the price. Tweaked the settings and got it to run, well "playable". The stutters are still there but it's constant 91fps. Mouse input feel weird but got used to it. But after all, i like this game and i think if the dev aren't lazy they can make something really good out of this. I don't play singleplayer usualy my review is about the multiplayer. Here's what they need to fix/change:-Time-to-kill : It's WAYYY too fast, i don't even know how they released a game like that.-Uncap FPS to atleast 144fps (It's pc man...)-Graphics (stuttering and sht, i know it's hard when they didn't have a beta for pc..Probly next update) -Mouse sens settings and input lag.Then it's probly gonna be a 9-10. Buy it, refund it if you don't like but i'm enjoying it. Just give it a try. I understand the negative reviews but it doesn't deserve THAT much.
Good day fleshy mammals. Overall not good game but has its moments.  Campaign ain't bad, multiplayer has too many bunny rabbits, and zombies is groovy but boring after a while.  Only get it on sale, and don't buy full price like I made the mistake of doing.TFW better Space Game then No Man's Sky
It's Call of Duty in future and in space. What more could you want from the modern AAA industry?Campaign feels tight and dogfights remind me of playing Bang: Gunship Elite back in the day. The story is fairly interesting but does not touch on more interesting subjects like the Black OPS series did (so far).The multyplayer is basically BlOPS3 with more Overwatch elements like loot crates for special guns. It's fairly easy to save up in game currency to purchase them, so no harm in that. What I don't like about the multyplayer is how you never have time to react to the guy shooting you and die in a second. What I really like are team mate and enemy health bars, too bad you do not get to see your own. Maybe the next installment of CoD will have actual health bars with health pickups. I hope.Zombies is zombies but with a really comfy aesthetic and more fluff.The game is fun, story mode is pretty great, it runs great and I can always find a MP match.Looks like they are...............Making CoD Great Again!(I bought the complete package. I regret nothing, I missed a dumb but fun game for a long time)
Always a fantastic campaign. Great package and great remaster. Well done ! 9-10
I only play CoD for the SP, I personally think they are awesome. After Black Ops 2, they have been underwhelming. I think that this one regain the throne, so to speak. The SP is very fun and atmospheric, though I wish (and this is pretty much about every game really) it would have been longer. If they truley made SP first they would have made more missions and made the campaign felt heavier and longer. It took me 11 hours; taking my time and doing all side missions. Speaking of side missions, most are fleshed out and have mini-stories attached, but not the same as the main missions.At anyrate, it is very fun and awesome. I personally love space things, so I may be biased.
I'd never believe if enyone told me a year ago that I'd be defending COD. It's actually a decent game. Campaign is fun. I wouldn't buy it for MP unless you want to shoot some zombies.It doesn't deserve nowhere near as much hate it gets.
rip robot man
Stop your damn whining you panzies
havent enjoyed a cod this much since mw2. Thank you infinity ward!
One of the Best Call of Duty campaigns I have ever played and I have been playing COD campaigns since the original . Really well designed, imersive, a solid story, amazing settings and just plain fun. HOWEVER I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR MULTIPLAYER! (Update)I have found that the multiplayer leaves much to be desired. Its basic COD multiplayer with the addition of basically even more grinding. THIS IS BAD and if anything a step backwards in a a franchise that should be going forward.I mean to be honest Titanfall 2's multiplayer looks like what COD IW wants to be, so if multiplayer is your thing maybe you should check that out instead and thats if you wanna put up with EA.And zombies is well.. Zombies with some additions. Setting is fun I guess and its certainly the best experience you get online with this game in my view. So as a package I would give it a 7/10 but the campaign alone is a 9/10, it is very very good.  Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare Remastered has a few bugs and optimization issues that need to be addressed but  other than that it stands as an awesome remaster of a great classic. It is worth getting the legacy edition for it I found. Shame it can only be brought as part of the bundle though.On the whole well done Infinity Ward  and thank you very much for making such an awesome campaign.
IW slower version of BO3 and is extremely fun. Bought it for Modern Warfare Remastered. All both games need is more players
Good game, surprisingly.
Infinite Warfare Singleplayer = Call of Duty: Mass Effect/*Reyes = ShepardEthan = Legion*/
I am rating this game solely for multiplayer as I have not played any of the COD campaigns recently. I play hardcore modes and I would give this game a 10/10 for the multiplayer. It is fast paced and insanely fun. Fluid gameplay, and it is excellent to finally see their servers not bomb on launch.
The only reason I bought this for $79.99 was to get Cod4 Remastered. Was it worth it? F*ck yeah mate
Game sucks choad but the Zombies is FIRE
Pretty good, but mwr is bae
Fun single player campaign but pretty awful multiplayer. This is the first COD I have played since BO2 and i'm blown away by how much they've screwed up the multiplayer, although BO2 was TreyArch not Infinity Ward. Not worth the full price unless it's the legacy edition but even then maybe wait until it's on a sale or buy from a discount key site as it's really expensive.
Absolutely amazing campaign.  Loved every minute of it.
So first from the top on this review, I want to cover Modern Warfare Remastered. After spending not a lot of time in general a lot is already apparent. 1) The Graphics are beautifulAs should be the case with a "remastered" game, the graphic content has remained traditional to the game, yet updated to a more refined beauty.2) We need work on serversServers constantly go down for various maps, and with already slow loading times, it's frustrating to wait 3 minutes only to have your entire team be booted.3) Please bring dedicateds backEVERYONE preferred dedicated servers. Not this BS of random maps with map voting. If I want to play a 1 hour Crossfire match with 500 kill score limited 55 times a day, let me dammit!!!!Now on Infinite warfare. Much like everyone else I bought Infinite Warfare to have MW Remastered and haven't played IW yet... MW remastered should have just been a seperate release with dedicated servers, but w/e.Anyway, it's fun and I recommend.
Wow, i was one of those who hated the first trailer, but decided to give the game a chance :)singleplayer is just awesome, i loved it... good story, characters for which you actually care, action packed, jon snow... something we havent seen in a couple of years :) optimization is good too, with i7 4790, 16gb ram and gtx 970 i had 60 fps minimum on high-ultra settings...with a few fps drops, but thats OK... multiplayer is OK... if you're looking for a fast action FPS shooter, this is for you... i like it though :) I recommend the game :)
This game is awesome minor bugs and the spawns could be better but the multiplayer is solid.Zombies is fantastic i love the 80s and the map is fun i hope that the dlc maps gonna be as good as this one.Campaign is fantastic its the best cod campaign i ever have played and i played every exept bo3 but that one sucks anywayi actuily cared about the characters in this one they where perfectly done they hade feelings they where verry human not like the other cods like ghost everybody is a badass IW campaign is very solid the ending is a bid sad but you wil see it for youre self.
multiplayer 7/10 (if you like BO3 you will like it)Single Player 10/10 (best story since MW1 MW2 AND MW3)Zombies 10/10 (with friends)
I have to say the campaign is really amazing, they did a great job on the campaign as a stand alone feature.
Now this game isn't a godsent of video games. From what I have experieced so far is fast paced action that plays similar to bo3 and bo2 in a way, but this game still has many problems. I am giving this a thumbs up because this is honestly the most fun i have had since bo2. Now this game does have very similar aspects to bo3 in the mp. This is honestly the best futuristic call of duty game yet. And i think infinity ward does it best. Now on the MWR: heres a simple review for that: amazing.
FIX YOUR SERVERS!!!! lags soooo bad. Whips me into walls and crap. i7 with gtx 970s SLI 32gb ddr4 on a gigabit mobo with gigabit router. Test speeds download at 285mbs and upload at 135mbs....  Fix your serversAND WHATS WITH THE LOBBY CLOSED ISSUE!!!! i spend more time trying to get into a game then i do playing  dont throw in a lobby and make me wait forever for a countdown to a LOBBY CLOSED!!! wtf
Typical COD with a few tweaks, in my opinion they got the verticality issue solved between the map designs and the movement. Definetly having fun in the multiplayer.
Desent
Multiplayer is not neccissarily bad, it's just different. It has a feel of Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warefare combined. Once you get use to the new futuristic weapons, and maps, the game is actually fun and feels like a Call of Duty game. You can unlock new weapons, and different versions of each weapon along with skins. There are rigs in this game which are different styles of armor. Overall I would give this a positive recommendation for those who enjoyed Black Ops 3 and Advanced Warfare.
For how much hate this game got, It is truely not that bad. In my opinion BO3 got way too much hype. IW is smooth and plays really well. I believe this game deserves a try.
it's cod
I buy COD for campaign, and I went into the game with zero expectations, but the campaign is actually a lot of fun. Ofc. it's not a suprise, that the Multiplayer is a disaster which it is, I've hardly played CODs Multiplayer but I am a PC gamer and it's never been a flawless experience in multiplayer for me, no suprise, this is the same but it's even worse as now there's 2 communities within PC, Windows 10 (Microsoft Store) players and Steam players. I was lucky enough to have bought this on Steam as it's the more prominent platform and has a larger player base, but I can't imagine for all the players who love CODs Multiplayer on PC and sadly got their game from the Microsoft Store. I've ranted enough. I'm only giving it a recommendation cause the only thing I care about in COD is the campaign. If you're someone who's not into this for the same, please avoid buying.
Reading through the initial reviews has been comical glimpse of the infallible troll logic of the internet. I felt it only right to actually give an actual review from the perspective of an experienced FPS PC & Console player rather than just spoiled ignorant rants and fits. I sincerely pity the dolts who bought and refunded this game as I see it as a satire of a generation x/millennial mentality. I really do not see the logic in passing judgment within the first hour of game-play. If your not good, get better, adjust your controls. Your not going to be pulling nukes in the first 3 matches no matter what games you've played before. If the game crashes, adjust your settings or get better hardware.With that said, if you are:1. Seriously considering the game  2. Previous or current CoD player3. FPS enthusiastRead on, enjoy, leave a comment or question and I'll be glad to respond.If your a troll, take those potassium packs over to the BF1 and TF2.   *Note - I've only played MP so far so I'm basing my opinion on that, but from what I heard and seen campaign seems epic as visual and theatrical scenes are killer. Played a single round of Zombies was alright, but was never a fan. Zombie fanboys would have already bought this game 3 years in advance lol.As a legacy CoD fan, I really think they've finally fine tuned the futuristic FPS franchise with this installment. If you played Black Ops 3 then you'll be right at home playing this, and probably carry an initial advantage as you'd be familiar with the movement system. What's nice about IW is that everything that was great about BO3 was kept and all the little creases folded for clean, optimized game-play. I'm in no way bad-mouthing B03 (I'm master prestige approaching 800 hrs), I think it really was a great addition which evolved the series in an awesome way. What is more is that it will have an awesome game life as Mod Tools has been added. IW for certain drew upon the positives and pulled the game into a more realistic direction with the improved movement properties. The wall running is much more controlled and the general physics feels like there is more volume to the characters and environment. The game play does not favor different strategies and user game styles. You can still rush if your good or play defensively as a beginner/novice. From my experience so far, It pays to be tactical and then and go for the flank unless your running shotgun or a rush setup. Another interesting note, Bots in custom games actually camp now so its just a strategy, while I don't prefer or respect, has proven to be an aspect of MP. The new weapons are really cool and now with dropped/crafted variants there is a whole new level of customization to MP. The energy weapons are really cool with the ability to bank shots. Classic weapons also make a cameo for the die hard CoD/MP fans. Everything seems to have a nice balance, but of course there will always be the OP weapons in core, that's why I prefer HC. There is no reason why an AR at long range should do more damage than an LMG, nor should it take 3-5 chest/headshots to take someone out. I'm sure they'll be plenty to Nerf/Buff in the coming updates.  There are now so many new lethals and tacticals that you'll have hours just finding the right situations to use them in. The perks have stayed relatively the same from BO3 with some that were added and altered. By altered, I mean some of the BO3 perks are now rig alterations. The rigs (specialists from BO3) are equipped with multiple abilities, special weapons, and traits to gain the upper hand in battles. New swag from the Quartermaster (black market in BO3) like guns, calling cards, emblems, etc give the game an awesome dash of personal touch and lethal edge with epic/legendary variants. Not to mention the different teams that offer loads of different challenges and in game currency, with new companies possibly rumored to come out with the DLCs. The maps are finally not the traditional 3-lane and are a great change from the past few CoDs. The vertical/square architecture is nice but the spawn logic is a bit flawed presently, but we haven't even seen update 1 yet.That about covers the main aspects of the multiplayer game I can think of. Matchmaking has been really good, so optimized its hard to join friends because lobbies fill up so quick. My only gripe is that there is no hold/toggle sprint, but that's peanuts compared to what I think is the best CoD thus far.
Fun game, don't understand all the negative reviews lol.
The game is good but its really hard like me, after long time playing cod. So much development don't get the tech, will get used to it soon. I was playing mostly CSGO compare to this i can't play like it. Thank You Activitons i may play once again COD......
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is an average shooter. It's not bad, but it lacks something to be called a good one. There is a story with a great potential, a few very well made characters and decent grapchics. The game feels and plays much better than older CODs, and finally there aren't indefinitely spawning enemies anymore.The campaign is short (it took me about 10h to finish it with all the side missions) but you definitely need to finish it at least once. A mission on an asteroid drifiting towards Sun was quite an experience. And the final level is something - I've played hundreds of games and I don't remember a finale like this.As for multiplayer - I've stopped playing it in COD ever since the devs went for matchmaking instead of dedicated servers, so no comments here.
This game is seriously unbalanced... snipers have no chance, anyone who decides to be a noob and use a shotgun becomes a god, campers live forever since ttk is so low you dont stand a chance its all just rush-shoot-die-repeat things i hope change TTKshotguns nerfedsnipers buffedxp and keys quicker apart from that the game is fine.
довольно неплохо ,  Жаль что Котча убили так легко.
Honestly, I bought this game for Modern Warfare Remastered. To be fair, I'd recommend Infinite Warfare single player wise because it's the area where Call of Duty could deliver. If you're looking at multiplayer, nah, skip it and buy Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2 instead.For Modern Warfare Remastered, it was done right. The same nostalgic feeling not to mention modern graphics plus ultra-wide support.  Hell yeah, no pre-rendered cut-scenes.
One of the best Call of Duty games I have ever played. Graphics, audio and gameplay are amazing. This game is truly a memorable expereince. Thank you Infinity Ward!
The trailer got so much hate, but the single player campaign is really good. I think the trailer was unfinished graphically, bc this game looks great (GTX 1070) and plays exceptionally smooth. Haven't touched the multiplayer, i'm more of a single player person. If you like the campain of the originals, you will enjoy this.
best story since bo2
i had low expectations of this game but when i played it the campaign seems solid and the multiplayer seems better than some previous call of dutys and the zombies is unique but not bad. Overall if you are thinking about buying this game give it a try before the refund timespan and see how you find it before making bad or good responses. 7/10 for me
The game is great and everything, but it should run around 50-100 fps like bo3. Now I need to get a new PC. THX Infinity Ward!!!!!!!!!!! But srsly its a good game and the MP combat is smooth. I just hoped it would run well on my PC like bo3... Cod 4 Remastered: Takes forever to load into a game (2+min), has many glitches, or just doesn't work at all.
CampaignThe Campaign was solid. It had good characters and a good story. It was no suprise the campaign was going to be good because it is an Infinity Ward game. There arent much to say without spoiling the story so you should really give it a try.MultiplayerPersonally, i like the Multiplayer. It is just like black ops 3, but better. In my opinion i dont think people should compare IW to BO3. They arent made to be the same. Yes, the games look and play simular but they are two completely different games. Infinity Ward in the past maybe didnt care about pc, but so far Infinity Ward has cared a lot about pc. They rewrote a whole update just for pc. if you ask me they learned from ghosts.ZombiesI could go on for hours on why Zombies in Spaceland is an amazing map. To start this map is really stupid and/or funny. It isnt serious at all compared to Treyarch Zombies. Here it is simple. It is basicly another der riese in some aspects. You activate Teleporters and go through them to get to pack a punch. all the teleporters lead to one place just as Der Riese. After you linked all the Teleporters you can go into the main portal and pack a punch. Infinity Ward's take on zombies is very good and i think you should try it if you havent.
Ethan is the best "guy". Only reason i recommend to play that game ;)
It's exactly what you should expect from Call of Duty. Nothing special, but good mindless fun.As for the remaster, it's CoD4 but prettier. A lot prettier.
Never gets boring. I really enjoyed this game although its only 7 hours without all the side missions. But worth the money.
Great campaign. Hated all of the campaigns since BO2, but this one does a great job at making it serious and fun again. There is a lot of hate for this games different approach for its campaign, but I REALLY like it!
is gud
I think this was well worth my 100$. and i havent even played cod4 remastered. IW is a very fun game and has put call of duty back on its roots, with a serious emotional and amazing story, a multiplayer that is serious, fits the theme, and is great enough to remember. And the zombies is just amazing, it may seem silly to others, but to me i see a fun yet serious (terms of fitting its storyline) gamemode.
I hate brute.
Currently I am finding it hard to comment on the actual game, however I feel as though I should comment on something specific and perhaps it might help someone, or maybe someone might have a solution, anyway.I use the Razer Orbweaver and the is this really weird imput lag when using the thumbstick, sometimes when straffing it takes a second to register the new direction and other times it does not register the new direction at all and I actually have to release the direction and reclick. This so far has totally ruined the game for me as it literally has made it unplayable.I am going to use my PS4 controller and play with that, and for the campaign that's fine, but the thought of playing competitive pvp in an fps game on my PC with a controller is not something I want to have to do, I am hoping I can find a solution to this issue but as of right now I can't even find someone with the same issue let alone how to fix it.First Edit: Having now played a little more of the single player campaign, now with a controller instead of my Orbweaver I have to say that I am liking it so far, the first few missions are very fun. large set pieces lots of pretty things to look at, and ethan is pretty cool too.From a technical standpoint my rig is running the game mostly fine, on 16 gigs of DDR4 I5 6600 and a gtx 1060 it was running things fine, with the exception of a few very minor frame drops, and im talking from locked 60 down to 57 which most people shouldn't even notice, I just unfortunately have a eye for it and so I did notice it, but maybe I should stop playing with an fps counter on huh. I will note there was a massive fps drop when I first took off in my ship, it actually went under 10fps, whether this was a brief loading or transition I do not know.I will continue to update this review as I play but I have a feeling a lot of the negativity this game is recieving is totally unfounded, people are hating it for the sake of hating it and that's a little sad, many people are shouting that its the same old call of duty and they are burned out, but these are the same people compaining they don't like it because its in space and is set way in the future and they don't like it because it's different, which makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense at all. Not everyone has spent the last 7 years playing nothing but CoD day in day out, and there for are not totally burned out. I won't say that the game is without issues though, as my issues with my Orbweaver has made the game unplayable for me without switching to a controller, also what little multiplayer I have tried (although due to above issues I didn't play much) have not been great, the already small player base will not help here and being seperated from the people who bought this on windows store (and you people know who you are and should be ashamed) will only make things worse. What little multiplayer I have played felt weird, laggy and rubber bandy, movement also felt really stiff, although I was using my orbweaver at the time and that really didn't help. It is a shame that so few people are playing this on PC as PC is the proper home for fps games and while I don't hate consoles I will say that I prefer pc.
I have played a few mission in the campaign, logged about 7 hours in multiplayer, and had a good time on the new zombies mode. all i have to say is throughout all of that there wasnt a dull moment where i thought this game wasnt worth the 80$ i paid for this and Cod4. i got this package expecting to play nothing but cod4 but i foundmyself wanting to play infinite warfare and i enjoyed it. the hate around this game is truly cancer. Watch the multiplayer reveal trailer and the zombies trailer. make up your mind for yourself. thats what i did and i would do it over again.
*IF YOU THINK YOUR EDGY AND COOL, AND ARE ON THE HATETRAIN DONT BOTHER READING*PERFORMANCE: getting a solid 50-40 fps with high textures, AA maxed out (other settings mixed) on my laptop with an 860m. very well optimized.GRAPHICS: Not the best, but at times suprisingly good with top notch facial animations.  SINGLEPLAYER: The first few missions are great, love the space theme. think of mass effect+ COD; You have a solar system map and you choose where to go for your next (main mission or side missions). There are also full control space dogfights and zero G shooting areas. it may not work for everyone, but I like it and the story is solid so far. I will update review once I finish the campaign. MULTIPLAYER: Meh. its solid, nothing groundbreaking. Buy this for the campaign,  battlefield for the mutlplayer.
Amazing campaing! :) Have not tried multi player and not going to. :D
Hi, from  it said Legacy Edition (the 59.99$ pack)  included Modern Warfare Remastered*, but why I got only Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare ?
Not having played much COD on PC before I'm enjoying it.   Very entertaining campaign overall think it's pretty good.  Not sure I would pay more for the season pass and the DLC etc.  Titanfall 2 is better but I prefer this to Battlefiled 1.
Well first of all I didn't want to put any review until I played everything fully and a lot but i kind of felt I must defend cod from people review which I don't even know where they were watching or did they even played the game and reviewed based on what.-about single player it's perfect u know they used the ways of MW series only in future and I think it worked and yeah maybe the used or copied from some old stuff and other games but it's in the same way is new and i thing it has better space war than battlefront it was cool. So far I give the single player 10/10.-about multiplier it felt like bo3 and halo to me but better i give 9/10 for it.-about zombie I did loved it but yet i didn't met everything in it.well it was so far 10/10 too.-about cod 4 remastered well I don't need to talk about it :3 10/10
I really enjoyed the single player of this game.  It was very fast paced and the story, while not complex, was very fun.  A solid 8/10.I am a little diappointed with the zombie mode as there are a ton of things that complicate the game mode.
Good♥♥♥♥♥game hands down best one since bo2
Thoroughly enjoyed the single player campaign, one of the best I've played in a while. Gameplay was smooth and the storyline was pretty engaging, although IMO it could and should have been longer. Let's not talk about the ending (depressing AF).Probably not going to bother with the multiplayer (I'm an anti-social nerd), but then it's COD mulitplayer probably not missing out on anything.Overall 10/10 would kill the bastard Jon Snow again.
Ok thank you dev for NOT letting me play Z0MBIES! fix the damn game put a patch in I did NOT pay 80 bucks and I will put in for a refund if not fixed very very fast!
Actually pretty good game. I don't understand reviews where a guy with gtx 1080 gets 12 fps on low settings. I have 6700K 32 GB RAM and GTX 970 and I'getting 70 to 90 (most of the time it hovers around 90) fps in multiplayer and also single player. On max settings.
Haters gonna hate.
itzgud
Good game m8s.
Good game m8s.
Ill have to be honest, this game was the best ive played in a long time. There were some shuttering here and there but the gameplay was overall smooth, the story line was interesting and also sad. Not everything have to be about the cold war or previous wars and I think Infinity Ward should continue mixing it up.
While thematically similiar to Titanfall 2, the differences are pretty apparent after spending just few minutes in the campaign. Infinite Warfare chooses a cinematic path, putting more emphasis on awe and alluring scenography with emotional storyline than pure shooting expierience. Soundtrack stands out and it's definitely one of the most memorable from the franchise.Only wish multiplayer wasn't plagued with technical problems and limitations of definitely aged engine.
A good game. The single player is verry good, i like the gameplay :). Nice game.
After putting some time into the game, im giving this game a REAL review. This game is NEW and REFRESHING to the series, with that said, if you don like the "kick♥♥♥♥♥space lazers" from CoD:Advanced Warfare (the EPM3, AE4 or the Ohm) then you probably wont like this game because half of the guns shoot freaking lazers man, also if you dont like the robots from Cod:Black Ops 3 then again dont get this game cuz in the main campaing their pretty much everywhere and you play as one  of them in the Multiplayer. Zombies is pretty much the same, probably a small story behind it as well, its pretty fun. NOW if your still reading this and willing to try out a new cod game the go for it, if a new space age shooter isnt your style then stay away, no need to sh!t on a new game just cuz of the remastered coming with it or that the "older ones" are better, if they really cared they'd still be playing them but instead they throw money to sh!t on the game anyway and♥♥♥♥♥♥shamefull reviews
story mode= AlrightPvp= not the best ive seenZombies= ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING CANT WAIT FOR MORE ZOMBIES MAP AND TO EXPLORE SOME MORE!
Okay this is  good review for what it is . this is the first call of duty that interested me and the main campaign didnt disapoint is alot of ways. In some ways it did like i would have liked more side missions and missions in general. I am a old play of wingcammander starlancer and mass effect  now this is why i like this game. it reminds me what wing comander tryed toi do and what starlancer tryed to do and they pulled it off its a mix ofstarlancer wingcomander and a fps all in one. with the map and missions   and cinmatic moving around the cap ship like mass effect. if they would have done a full on   starlancer or wing commander and masseffect it would have been the high light of the fall season.for the life of me i dont know why they didnt add co op space missions or space mission battles in mplayer they they did it would have been a even greater game. Dont get me wrong this has falaws but if your in the market for a wing commander fps mix with space and ground mission this is a campaign for you.
I wish that Steam reviews had a third maybe button for this kind of situation. The campaign is brilliant, probably the best CoD campaign since MW2 but the multiplayer is a by-the-numbers affair that's probably only going to keep you interested in the long term if you're really into multiplayer CoD and don't mind paying for more of the same. The Modern Warfare Remaster is a work of art and is definitely worth paying the little extra for, even if you played it the first time around. Thankfully the multiplayer on that game is as good as it ever was too so you don't really have to bother with the Infinite Warfare multiplayer if you don't want to.
Well Call of Duty Infinite Warfare didn't deserve 3.5 million dislike on its trailer on youtube at all .The single player is just awesome , something you like to play again and again when once its completed just like the old CODs but the difference is showing the future and how the Wars will look like . The important thing that about this game is the idea of making it , its not advanced warfare or ghost . I recommend  it to everyone and i m sure you gonna play it like you played all the amazing CODs except advanced warfare or ghost LOL .Single palyer is epicmultiplayer a bit hard to get use to but enjoyable zombies just bad , very bad LMAO , cuz its not treyarch zombies xD .it can get better in dlcs maybe !!buy and enjoy till next Call of Duty
Great Campaign, Fun Multiplayer (in inpenetrable for a newbie like me) with a pretty nasty community all things considered and the zombies mode is also entertaining. As said i am a very new to Call of Duty this was the first Call Of Duty i preoredered and was excited to play due to the scifi setting and so far i don't regret my decision. So far i recomend this game for the first 2ish hours of Campaign and fun Zombies mode. For now its a recomendation i'll come back and update this review if things change when i finish story and spend a few more hours in MP and Zombies
I'm not a COD fans but love SF.Sure there is a few lagging ingame, but overall I love the story and the setting for IW.Yeah the story is simple, however all the gameplay and setting provided all I need to play as a character in a epic SF movie.Cool robot, interesting future guns, space battle, and all those cool animations of dropships deploy or fighter lanuch,that is all I need.If you like Star Trek or wanna try to play as Space Marine without Aliens, I suggest you can give it a try.If you are afraid of lagging problems, you should try PS4 or X1 version instead of missing it.
Pros- Great sound- Great design- Beautiful map design- FAR LESS people jumping around arbitrarily due the the slower movement speed- Plays very similar to MW3- Weapons are fun- Lots of customization- Tons of things to earn- One of the best launch day ports performance wise, in a very long time for COD. It looks better, and runs far better then Black Ops 3, which is a year old game with tons of patches. Cons- Connection/lag problems- Some overpowered guns- Spawns are ridiculous- Supply dropsYes, this game is future sci-fi, and yes 90% of us didn't want that. But for some reason, Infinity Ward handled it so much better then AW and Blops 3. Adding space into the mechanics makes it not cring worthy, it feels right. Thankfully the issues with the game can be patched. But you get hundreds of hours of content, and everything that makes a great game is right here in the package. So regardless of all the whiny "lol battlefield and titanfall are better, this game is trash. drink bleach cod players" comments, their (immature) opinions don't change the fact that it's a solid game that's definitely worth playing. Yes, less players are online then 5 years ago, and yes those players went to battlefield or titanfall. But thankfully the players they took from the COD community are all the childish, 'mountain dew doritos' kids who tell you to kill yourself. The rest of us here are just people who enjoy the game and just wanna have a good time.Sorry Battlefield/Titanfall players if I triggered you, but I mean come on.. You guys are spending half the time playing your games, and literally the entire other half seeking out ANYTHING Infinite Warfare related, just to leave rude, childish comments, attempting to make others feel bad about playing a perfectly good game, and having a genuinely good time.The other aspect, supply drops. You'll hear people say "oh no, it's pay to win". But no, it's PLAY to win. All that extra content and weapon varients are earnable through simply playing the game. If you're willing to put in the time to unlock them (just like every other game out there), then it's perfectly fine. Plus you still earn keys through play time too, so there's always the nice little extra chance of unlocking one early. Otherwise, level up your faction for varients, and save up your salvage, and you can have all the varients you want.Summary - I give it a 8.5/10. I don't regret spending the money I did to buy it. It's fun, and there's tons and tons to achieve and unlock, so you always feel like you're earning something.And hey, Steam has a refund policy, so if it's not for you, just refund it. Nothing to lose, other then passing up a game you might genuinely enjoy just because all the negativity.Hopefully see you online \m/
Call of Duty ... in Space ... AWESOME ... just ... Awesome!!!
Its an excelent COD till date I have played. The campaign is the best out of every COD I have played till date. Way too deep. Love it! The zombies is actually good but doesn't meet up to Treyarch zombies. Multiplayer is damn great fun to play and its pretty faster than BO3. In every game I get 4 bar ping and literally no lag or connection issues. Only issue is that it takes time to find a game in party.This is the only COD which is so much optimzied in day one for the PC. Really loving this.A big 9/10 to this Call of Duty. :D
I honestly do not see what all the hate is. I have had every single COD from COD 4 and up every year and the only COD to ever let me down was Ghosts. This cod in which I mainly play for multiplayer has the same feel as black ops 3 but newer, similar but still just as good and fun. I enjoy it and do not see the hate what so ever. Just like the last one, new maps, new guns etc, same online fast paced gameplay that I enjoy. Runs well on my pc constantly and I am not experiencing any of the problems other people are. If you are a cod fan then you should have no problem enjoying this game, stop jumping on the mob mentality with everyone else when most of them do not have it. I do not like the way Windows Store has some of the players as well al though I have had no issues finding a game.
Great campaign
Loved the single player campaign probably the best COD campaign since the MW series not sure about it being short was over 8 hours which is way longer than standard fps campaigns. Have no clue about Multi Player as i have no itention of ever playing it I always play COD games for the single player. Down sides, the side missions while fun can get repeative if you like the fighter combat though you will probably love them price well i got it for 25 due to steam balance after finally selling all my steam trading cards so at full price mmm maybe but if you are sittng on the fence, Titanfal 2  campaign is really good Dishonored 2 is out this week thats bound to have a great single player experience since i cant maybe a purchase i ll go with recommended as i did enjoy the hell out of the campaign.
DO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME:Yes,IW is by no means a bad game, it just feels a bit unpolished in general, however, it IS triple A/ Holiday-season and I strongly believe you can spend your 60 bucks on a better game, I know I am. It's just more COD, so this'll scratch some people's itches, but it doesn't scratch mine. However, you can always try for yourself.
I'll blame the largely negative reviews on the classic "MUH CALL DOOTS, GOTS TO HATE" bandwagonning that likely happens every year, because let me be frank- this game doesn't deserve it. In my opinion this is the best optimised game for call of duty for as long as I can remember, now granted I've only been playing CoD on PC since Modern Warfare 3, but this is the best optimised on launch out of any CoD game since that point. Considering I have a 1080 series and an I7-6700K I thought that might just be my rig. But nope, I asked around with friends that had low end 900 GPUs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CPUs and they all said it was running like butter as well. In fact, Infinite Warfare is the better out of the two PC call of duty games released this year, MWR is real shoddy. Campaign: Haven't completed it yet, but I'd say I'm around the half way point. The campaign is the best call of duty campaign I have ever played, and I've played every call of duty that has ever been released. There's emotion in the characters, the locations are astounding and the storyline is fantastic (If a little bit inspired by Total Recall). It takes what Black Ops 3 tried to do with the choose-your-own-mission path and does it better, and without any mind bendy stupid story archs. Campaign is a blast, and it elevates Call of Duty to new highs.Multiplayer: Most people don't buy Call of Duty for the Campaign, they buy it for the multiplayer. Which is a shame, becuase this campaign really is just stacked with content. But anyway, this multiplayer is an okay to good experience. I've been having a lot of fun with it, but I'm wary of commenting too much because I know that at the moment I am in that classic CoD honeymoon period, and my opinion could drastically change in a few months. What I do know is that the maps are solid, the weapons are fun and the game is well optimised. To my knowledge it works on Peer-to-peer and not dedicated servers, that's pretty much the only downside I can see at the moment. Zombies: The first time Infinity Ward have pulled zombies, and I have to say I was skeptical at first being a long time Treyarch zombies fan. However, this Zombie mode is absolutely astounding. It has a few bugs, Brutes and zombies sometimes getting stuck and not moving anymore, and there is the annoying Revive sequence where you have to pick up your gun form lost and found and you will probably die. Other than that, the map is really vibrant, colourful and fun. It is a completely different take on zombies and even though it builds on what Treyarch originally created with a lot of the same basic principles, it feels very different. Basically, this aint no Exo-Zombies.
It's fine though
The campaign is pretty fire but everything else is not up to par.
Interesting  game, quite different to previous COD in some  ways,  I like the single player, only con i found is zombies takes forever to find a party probably cuz no one  wants to play it..... usually only 3  or 4 games going on . Multiplayer is kinda fun but gets boring f ast.
It's so nice of them to give you a free copy of Infinite Warfare when you buy Modern Warfare Remastered
Seems weird, everyones been downvoting this game. I've throughly enjoyed it so far, it runs on 60fps consistantly for me, and the campaign and zombies is really good. Additionally, the Remastered MW with the legacy edition runs well and is great fun :}
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is strangely one of the best FPS games I've played in single campaign for a long time. Beyond its a highly polished shooter, similar to all other CoD titles, suprisingly IW also has the great atmosphere of Mass Effect, Wing Commander and Battlestar Galactica. Its similar to Mass Effect, because of the similar sci-fi setting, shooting and the exploration of your ship (She is called Retribution instead of Normandy). Its similar to Wing Commander because of the various Jackal fighter missions where you have to fight against overwhelming odds with your fighter wing in deep space or even in large asteroid fields. And its similar to Battlestar Galactica because of the storyline (One lone carrier against the enemy fleet), and the many spec ops and ship boarding missions, similar what BG had in the later seasons. Oh, and in some place you feel the Aliens vibe, with marines and dropship. The game is relateively long, took about 10 hours to complete every single mission, side missions included. I highly recommend IW because everything the game was able to offer in its single player campaign. Its well written, well designed, exciting and very enjoyable. Actually you truly care for all the characters you fight along with. Brian Bloom, who used to be a known voice actor, have written Infinite War and he did an awesome job. After IW I hope he will write a sequel for it. IW is not really a Call of Duty game (And actually I'm glad it isn't.). Its rather a new brand, Infinite Warfare, a great sci-fi game with a great sci-fi setting, memorable characters and storyline. And IW finally a game which has a decent credits as well with a twist connecting to the Peace to the Fallen achievement. It was a good epilogue for the game. So thank you Infinity Ward. :)
I've not played a COD game in a couple of years. Returning to the series, this game now feels fresh to me. I'm an old player of COD 4 and played the original and games such as Medal of Honor Allied Assault/Spearhead before that.I can imagine if you've played the last couple of games, this will not be for you but if you're new to the series or returning, I've enjoyed this game very much. I also have Battlefield 1 and also enjoy that game.So... BF1 vs COD? Well that's impossible to compare as they are going in completely different directions and I'm not sure why people think this is some kind of competition. Modern Warfare remastered is OK but honestly, I've been playing IW more. Overall though, this is very good value for money and I would definitely recommend buying this AND BF1.
You  need to have it, for the single player. It's one of the best campaigns of the year, no discussion here, the characters are great(Ethan can face BT from Titanfall 2, with that I've said it all!), the story is in COD and Michael Bay standars and that's cool for the franchise, the Jackal missions are pretty great for an arcade version of space fighting, you can choose in wich order play your secondary missions(like in Mass Effect,sort off(because you have a galaxy map too)),etc  Seriously don't look the other way just because it's COD, the MP is the same, that is true, but the campaign don't deserve to be throwed in the trash just because Activision can't stop putting the stupid MP in every COD, this game doesn't need it. Also for the Zombie fans, that game mode is pretty funny too; isn't my jam but I liked the game I played.And a quick note about the duration of the SP: For now I played 6 hours of it and I have(judgin by achievements) at least 2 or 3 hours left, that's pretty good for COD.In conclusion, buy it(better cheaper) for the SP and the zombies, and even the MP is gonna give you a little fun for a while; don't trust COD haters. Trust me, I didn't give a crap about COD since MW3.
Campaign was suprisingly amazing.Multiplayer was stale.Zombies is fresh and lots of fun.
dont listen to all thses kids this is a good game if you like a fast paced shooter iplay a lot of csgo and i like those sorts of games but i also like to just chill and playgames with my mates and this is one of those games it is good and the modern warfare remasterd is excellent if you have the money id advise buying it
Ok, so i never thought i would buy call of duty and luckily i brought it for only 32$ because the game sucks!but, but, but!Call of duty Remasterd is a master piece ok ok i would love if they used the old engine they didn't but the old cod is so much fun to play!
The campaing was amaying and the characters the multiplazer is alright and zombies in spaceland is awsome plus modern warfare remastered is great as well!!!!!
Another year, another Call of Duty game. What's funny about this is one is that it's garnered the most negativity out of the whole series, going off the Youtube trailer dislikes and yet the campaign is probably the best in recent years for the franchise.There's a solid 8+ hour singleplayer here, where you can complete side missions aside from tackling the main story and then there's the expected multiplayer which does little to reinvent the wheel and is par for the course for a Call of Duty game.It's sure not groundbreaking but it sure doesn't deserve to be disliked more than Rebecca Black's Friday. If you've got no interest in the multiplayer, then grab it in a Steam sale for the campaign, or else just give it a miss.Full video review:
My own views on Call of Duty infinite WarfareSo my review starts by saying im not a Fanboy im a collector i have brought every call of duty game and battle field game simply to had the titles to my collection.So what can i say first about infinite Warfare. Well i think pertsonally the game has recived alot of hate which is forcing players to reconsider, however this is actually a pretty good installment of cod, its somewhat familier yet has enough difference to make it stand out from any of the others.Gameplay is solid once you fix the mouse lag issues which are easily rectifiedThe wall running and jump jets are toned down abit in this one and the stupid BO3 knife slide thing people do doesnt apear to be a thing in this game.The weapons are kinda like modified versions of real weapons in some areas and in others they are just right out of a sci movie (Which is cool)Customisation is really cool and balenced and i think thats something really important when it comes to gameplayTime to kill imo is Perfect (you die and can kill very quick, because news flash you shooting a weapon...)The movment in this game isnt as clunky as its made out its actually really good kinda like BO3 but slowerbut overall i give the game just based on multiplayer are 8 out of 10
This is a best COD since MW2Very impressive SP and fun and faster MP/
This game is actaully pretty good, i was in big doubt of the game at first,didnt look like anything i would like, but went ahead and got it anyways, and to my surprise this game is actually pretty good, no problem with the game at all, no stutter no long waits or anything, and for once im having alot of fun playing cod again,if you like the way other cod games have been, you should get this no doubt,but really just stop reading all the reviews about the game,go get it if you want, and make up your own mind, instead of reading what-everyone els thinks,people should really try playing it, before giving it bad reviews,atleast give it a chance. 10/10 Praise the Hoff!
Best CoD I've ever played.
better than black ops III
Infinite Warfare: 8/10 Pros: Great Story, Good Graphics, Overall great gameplay. Cons: Multiplayer is basicModern Warfare Remastered: 9.5/10 Pros: Still a great story, Good Graphics, Fun Multiplayer. Cons: Stutters during loading screenThe digital legacy edition is an amazing bundle and I highly suggest buying it.
This game is hard but, once you learn how the game works its fun. The game runs smooth on my PC don't know why people say its "chunkey". Got the Legacy edition and MW remaster is also alot of fun. Infinite warfare is alot more optimized for PC then when BO3 came out. Just remember haters are gonna hate. I have Battlefield 1 also. 2 different games but both are very nice. So people need to stop comparing the 2. If you like BF1 then go play it and I will see you on the battlefield. If you like COD I will see you in space :D.5/5 will buy again
If you want to buy this because of MW Remastered : DO IT! No stutters,no lags,no crashes , excellent port works awesome and fine also brings back the old CoD4 feeling, plus there are prestige levels so you can boost your way up to the sky.From Infinite Warfare I only can say things about the singleplayer yet : Awesome story,very good port,smooth gameplay, no FPS drops . I recommend buying this now , you should search for cd key sites for a cheaper price.
7/10 Overall, buy for Campaign/Zombies/MWRCampaign 9/10The story for this easily blows BF1 out of the water, I'd rate it to be on par with Titanfall 2. The CoD campaign for this game doesn't play like any other CoD, the mechanics are very fleshed out (Zero-G combat, Fighters, BOTG). In some sections the game gives you plenty of room to make choices, and at the right times it transistions into a corridor shooter. Lovable characters, the story just doesn't come out as being cheesy like the last few CoDs.Zombies 8/10Your typical zombies experience with more emphasis on fun than easter egg hunting for 50 hours, not much I can say other than the fact that the map is huge.Multiplayer 5/10Down to the core it's essentially BLOPS3 reskinned, but without a proper playerbase, you can't really expect to get into any queues other than TDM. Really disappointed that they didn't make use of the mechanics in the singleplayer.Posted 6 November.
Camapign was great! The fights in the ships are absolutely filled with adrenaline...graphics, voice acting, everything was done very well. Game feels so smooth and shooting feels a LOT more satisfying than previous Call of Duty games. Multiplayer is OK, just can't ever get me hooked onto the multiplayer like 4 or MW2 did...
Game has it's bugs but either way I still love it... Keep it up activision.
Great campaign! really enjoyed it, I could actually follow exactly what was going on which in most COD games I simply cant follow whats happening. Black ops 3 was rubbish and this is great in comparasion. My favourite COD campaign since Modern wafare. Graphics are OK but after Gears 4, Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2 just before it this is not quite as stunning as those games were. Great mix of Shooting and Jackal action, paced well and not overly crazy on futuristic powers. Great characters and perfomances. Zombies is the is as fun as last time. Cant speak for multi player as I dont play it ( sick of losing all the time )
I had to turn down all the graphics to play, but other then that and the multiplayer, it pretty good!Also ♥♥♥♥ Marsalso i cant play for some reason
I went into this game ready to completely hate it. The game actually isn't as bad as everyone would lead you to believe. It runs pretty smooth, has the occasional hiccup with a stutter, but overall very smooth, for a COD at launch.
Turn off V-Sync, once you do, the game is great.
Hell of a ride so far. Graphics are excellent, story is an A, controls are great. 2016 has been a banner year for franchise titlesand this may be the best of the FPS campaigns that I've played. Recommended if you have $60+ to spend.
This is a new face for COD and im quite loving it.Gameplay - 8/10In game Graphics - 7/10Cut scene Graphics - 9/10Story - 7/10Optimization - 7/10  (I5, 16gig, GTX970)Staging - 6/10
Uh hi, I think I am the only person that likes this game ironicaly. I dunno Campaign is short but good story. Ethan is husbando and stuff.Zombies is fun I think better than BO3.Multiplayer is super fast and hectic but there are a lot of overpowered guns that need to be NERFED. Mutliplayer maps seem to be not filled wit variety either but maybe its because I only play Team Deathmatch. Best map has to be that one black hole map because thats super cool. Its an average Call of Duty game that fits its genre of what it is about right now and thats Space warfare. Nothing new and much more slower than Titanfall 2 and I even think BO3. It does feel clunky to move around but I got use to it. I guess it fits my bill of playing Call of Duty but I would rather play Titanfall 2 if I didn't have such low interest in mech shooter. It's plain old call of duty and nothing really changed with its multiplayer, hopefully and most likely we get something more modern or olden times next year with Sledgehammer.I don't beleive Battlefield 1 this year because they are different variety of shooter. I'd rather play IW for its fast paced mindless shooting and would rather play BF1 for its reliance on tactics and team play. All in all  7/10. Im still gonna play the heck out of this game because I am having a blast.>Inb4 kys for liking this game :^)
its got good gameplay but the mouse input could be better
I am loving the solo play and I am glad that they have such a great story so far.  Only played around 7 hours so far and loved every minute of the game.  The varied mission types are great and I am having a lot of fun so far.  I do notplay a lot of PVP and I am glad that Activision has not abandoned the single player campaign.  I like the space combat missions and is a breath of fresh air for a great FPS type game.  My friends have purchased the game and we are going to play the zombie game next as we loved the previous zombie coop versions.  Great job Activision!
A supprisingly good story.Space battles are solid, better (about the same) flying then battlefront 2if you just look at the game and not the fact that its holding mw1 behind a load of crap it is the best cod ive played in a while.
so after playing the campaign and diving into mulitplayer i am giving this game a thumbs up graphica are terrible even on max settings on pc with sli 1080s ,however cutscenes are beautiful and the actual landscapes are stunning ended up really feeling for the characters and the story of the crew of retribution attach a hd remaster of cod 4 and its mulitplayer and it total its good value for money but limited replayablility other than multiplayer
Never really played much COD, found the game really enjoyable. Fast action, stunning sights in the campaign, I've spent a lot more money on a lot worse games... I'm pretty terrible at it but FPS games usually start that way & make you step up.Used to play a lot of Halo & it's great to see how far games have come.I got this wanting a true FPS, I feel I found one. Hope the campaign isn't as short as people say it is butthese days people just put out more DLC.For me the big pros are, Shooting out windows in space so the enemies fly out the windows.Grapple hooking enemies then taking off their helmets.Using a gravity grenade to float the bad guys before blowing them apart with a high powered energy weapon.The campaign graphics are solid enough that you're not thinking where's that guys teeth...Attention to detail is astonishing, I like riding the elevator & seeing what people are doing on other floors.Every part of the game has been smooth for me without glitches & I haven't seen any hacks, just salty players.Let me address some common cons below :PSeems to be a lot of hate aimed at infinite warfare in other reviews but honestly reading them a lot of the reviews are from people with computers of poor performance or bad internet... multiple people calling wall running hacking for instance... (Learn how to play before posting reviews?)If you have an FPS problem or actions aren't smooth it isn't nessesarily the game.Can't see any pay to win options sooo... Maybe i'm dumb there but that's been a complaint, also a complaint about levelling up your weapons & such, the more you play the better stuff you get. That's funny as hell because, that's how you get a good player base and actually reward people who like the game.Reviews also baggin on the COD community, how is that a review on the game son?Oh with the good gear that you unlock, you can't use it straight away you have to lvl up sufficiently first so yeah a higher level may kick your bum, but go winge at league of legends for not giving you free runes or world of warcraft for not giving you the highest raid gear... Just put the time in if you want to play like every other game.
Not bad.
mleh
Best COD ever!Flying the Jackal starfighter in intense space combat on several mission is too cool.(Much like a space flight sim but COD style)Zero gravity and micro gravity surface missions are in the game also.(You can even infiltrate enemy capital ships from the cold vacuum of space)Multiplayer is nicely done with an aggressive twist.(Very nice GFX and rich polished levels with fast paced classic COD mulitplayer game mode)I haven't played a game this fun in awhile....Infinite Warfare is hardcore actionYou can ignore all the haters and bad ratings....This game is certified awesome<<GET THIS GAME!>>9.8 out of 10 stars
SP is a blast, really fun and kinda reminded me of mass effect. Best COD campaign since Black Ops. MP is pretty fun too. This one doesnt deserve the COD Hate circljerk
Very enjoyable campaign.  If you like sci-fi games, give it a shot.  I just saw someone complaining to go back to call of dutys roots and do another modern warfare.... No ♥♥♥♥♥, its roots are ww2 games, stfu
pretty much the same game play as black ops 3 just new weapons and maps. If you are a fan of the call of duty series then you should enjoy this one.
Star Wars: Infinity War
actually decent despite the reviews
I bought the game from being a fan of CoD ingeneral, mainly the campaigns, also wanted MWR. As much as people have complained and/or moaned about space, the idea behind this was better then i thought it would be, and was actually one of the best campaigns they have ever done. Havent done multiplayer, and dont really want to at the moment, story itself was alittle short for the main missions, but with all of the extra missions included, it is about a 7-9 hour story, depending on difficulty/play,
I liked it.
Performance was extremely good on my R9 390 + i5 6500.Single player campaign is freaking epic, worth the pricetag by itself.Experienced one crash, didn't really bother me too much, I was freaked out that I'd have to start the mission over but instead picked up exactly where I crashed.Multiplayer is alright, it's not new, and it's not perfect, but it's not terrible.Here's my take: CoD IW is effectively what everyone waiting for Squardron 42 is wanting, and they did an excellent job at creating a well done, relatively optimized, single player campaign; however, the fighter/space combat is downright terrible. But let's face it, it's better than SC's current space combat, and it exists in playable form today (while SQ42 doesn't yet). I think this game is a good way to tide yourself over while you wait, and that's pretty much what most games end up being anyways.Fair warning: Multiplayer seems to be most heavily based on rock/paper/scissors at time, and not even remotely on skill (or maybe I'm being matched well with relatively equally skilled players, in which case "neat!") If you're prone to ragequitting, the MP is probably not for you, but that's okay because we're all different types of gamers, and not all games appeal to everyone.I think a lot of the negative reviews are blown out of proportion.While I won't recommend you buy the game if you're on the fence, I would recommend it if you were planning on it but put off by bad reviews.If I had to give the multiplayer a rating it would be 6.5 out of 10. If I had to give the campaign a rating it would be 9.5 out of 10.
Magnificent campaign. Legendary, popular Multiplayer. Zombiemode is Cyberpunk pure!
For the purpose i bought the game for, which was the zombies, it's pretty good. I've finished the singleplayer campaign and it exceeded my expectations. I don't know why people are calling this a re-hash, re-used models etc. ... it's quite clearly not true.They've provided a completely new take on the single player front and the zombies feels unique and fun. I didn't buy the game for its multiplayer aspect, but when it comes to that (in which they host international tournaments for), they can't really change up vastly.If you're buying this in the hopes they've changed multiplayer for the better, i dunno why you get your hopes up, they can't change much. If you're wanting to buy this for a fun, arcadey take on treyarchs zombie mode and/or you want to play a decent story in singleplayer with greatly improved gameplay, then i suggest you give it a chance, possibly wait for the price to drop or buy elsewhere.They pretty much accepted that zombies is the co-op gamemode to use and they did a damn good job at making it unique to their own game. They listened in that model wise, i don't see a single re-used asset. They listened in that when people are for something different in the campaign, they introduced space battles and a lot of more diverse options to approach missions. No spoilers, but Ethan has to be my favourite character to date. I've yet to play a game with such a visually aparent robot/AI that acts just like a human. Expresses emotions, physical attraction, opinions, sarcasm etc. ... it's something a lot of robotics and AI in other games lack and i really enjoyed it (probably not that big of a deal i just loved IW's take on that aspect)
its a fun shooter, pretty good campaign, i guess its not for everyone. i hated AW liked BO3, but i actually prefer this game over BO3, so far i am having alot of fun.bought the legacy edition with modern warfare remastered. that game is awesome, really brought back alot of memories. it feels great just like the original. overall for 80$, i say its worth it.
The good: - The story mode is pretty good. not as good as battlefield 1 and titanfall 2- Modern warfare remastered (love the story and multiplayer) - zombies is great- runs great The Bad:- Infinite warfare multiplayer is trash - hate the part where you cant play with people that bought this game on the windows store- hate the part where you have to buy the legacy edition to play modern warfare (should have included it on the standard edition)- no one plays any other mode other then team death match on multiplayerOverall i do recommand it but not at this current price. wait till the price drops to prob around $40
Its a good game i'm having a lot of fun playing this game!!!
finally a campain where your not some ones son or doing black ops under the table the fate is only on you bs your a commander and your fighting a war thats it no secrits no stupid twists like in the old ones 9/10 and the only reason its not a 10/10 is theres no story line chooseing just picking missions which is fun but id like to pick my story but so far i like very much as for online have yet to pick her up this game is worth picking up for the campain if you like sci fi and slight pasific we are down but not out kinda storys
Love it played the beta and it's actually really fun I love sniping it's my favorite game to snipe and if you liked black ops 3 mixed with ghost and advanced warfare then you have this game even though I didnt like all those games I still really like it atleast give it a chance also modern warfare remasterd is  pretty cool for only 20$ extra but right now atleast for me modern warfare remasterd isnt working good its super laggy at lowest settings but whatever hopefully it will be fixed
No Audio...
A lot of people are complaining about this PC version of this game. While it's not the greatest, it's also not terrible. I purchased the Legacy edition to get MW:R and honestly, I'm kind of regretting that decision. There was a lot of speculation that they included MW:R to Infinite Warfare because the main game was going to be less than what was expected. It is not. The campaign is by far the best CoD campaign I've ever experienced (I have 1500 hours in MW2, and several hundred spread out over MW, Black Ops, BO2, and BO3), and the multiplayer is, while classically "CoD balanced" and frustrating at times, decent and entertaining. I found myself having a ton of fun while being killed over and over again with fully automatic shotguns. I have never been one to enjoy the Zombies mode, so I won't comment on the quality of it, although I did play one match and it seems well made.I have not had one issue with launching the game, stutters, FPS drops, low FPS, or crashing. I'm running an AMD FX-8350, ASUS GTX 970 and 16gb ram. I didn't have to touch the graphics settings much to get a stable 50-60fps at 1080p, and they're all set to high (I even raised a couple settings). I have even played the game while I had a livestream running on my second monitor with no issues. It runs smooth as silk, and if you have a newer GPU like the 10 series GTX cards you'll have zero problems keeping your FPS above 60.And might I add, I think this game looks beautiful. Sounds and effects are amazing and it just feels great.All in all, this game was a worthy $60. I would not recommend spending the extra $20 for MW:R, but that's subjective. The value you get from IW is amazing. I'm just hoping they support PC players more by adding dedicated servers and mod capabilities, but Infinity Ward tends to ignore that community.
I was adamant at first not to Purchase Infinite Warfare and hope they would release, Modern Warfare Remastered as it's own product. (The only thing most of us care about) After looking at some Twitch streams and YouTube clips of the game, I figured i would make the purchase and refund it, if i didn't like Infinite warfare when getting hands on with it.But man, am I happy that i made the purchase. Modern Warfare Remastered is still the old game we know and love so not much to say there. But Infinite Warfare is however, the sweet little marshmallows you get floating in the goodness that is the Hot Chocolate of Modern Warfare Remastered.I've only dipped my toe into the campaign (Just after the space battle) and it hasn't let me down. The Multiplayer is fast paced and the maps look great. The Terminal revamp did not dissapoint either. I do not regret buying Infinite Warfare and I feel it and Modern Warfare Remastered will take up a fair amount of my free time for the next month or so.---===SIDE NOTE===---Any Good Hentai Suggestions??Voted for some kind of award
<3
Fun game, awesom campain, fun zombies, muli is cool. haters hate bc they bad
Love the campaign. It's COD with a pinch of Mass Effect, narrated well and visually stunning.
Really good, shame people dont give it a chance
Like F*** all the people that say its♥♥♥♥♥♥it actually isnt its good and fun to play (my opinion) obv. it needs some polishment every cod had that but people are just searching for small details to cry about.I enjoy playing this game and i recommend it alot
it alright
If this game was called anything other than Call of Duty this would be the game of the year. Great Game! Disregard negative comments. This is the real deal. I am not a call of duty fanboy. They sat back and dissected the formula  that made Call of Duty a great franchise. They went back to basics on this one. From the cinematic campaign experience, to the fun multiplayer, they truly delivered a polished game. Wait, did I mention ZOMBIES!?? Space land is a new twist on the idea however like I stated before, they went back to basics to make it the fun extra that we all loved.Look if you are looking for a fun game. Buy now. This is the best FPS of the year hands down. The franchise is so big it has become such a target. However, years of making bland games could attribute to that but I digress. My point is, this game has  a lot of haters. We need to let it have its day. If this game was called anything other than Call of Duty this would be the game of the year. The game works everyone. It has sound and video. Don't let someone playing on pc not meeting the minimum specs have you miss out on the game of the year. I am not a Call of Duty fanboy. But someone has to speak up and give this game 5 stars. This is a great gameI7-4790K 16GB RAM GTX 1080
New campaign that holds your hand, new skins to unlock, zombies to kill and same prestige system to grind to the top of...Bad? Eh, it'll pass the time. Eh... / 10
First off , im not in the bandwagon of some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥here who blindly just hate the game.Secondly i also got Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2 so dont judge me to be a fanboy.Now Infinite warfare's campaign to start off seemed to be one of the best if not the best campaign in the COD series.I am a Sci-fi dude so i like planets and space warfare.The performance of the game was impeccable and well done.This is how a PC GAME SHOULD BE MADE.As far as the multiplayer goes, its real pacy and coming from black ops 3 it seemed a bit too fast and yes all this double jumping♥♥♥♥♥♥and wall running and teleporting all made it worse.This is the only con i can find with this game. I am also yet to try the zombies mode.So to all the haters you guys are probably in school or in your teenage years and were just kids when modern warfare came out.So STFU and play or get a refund.Why the hell do you give a negative review and still have the game in your library.As we all know it,everyone and their kids know about this game,its story and multiplayer I HAVE A GTX 1070 OC , 16GB RAM AND I7 4790k and at 1440p it barely hits 60fps with SMAA t1x and supersampling of 2x.There are insane frame drops ranging from 70 to 35 almost everytime.My gpu usage was 60-70%.My CPu usage was around 50% on average.I cannot play Multiplayer if its going to be like this.I wont recommend the legacy edition untill they fix this mess or a driver is rolled out.Its not looking good atm.Edit: Even with supersampling OFF there are insane frame drops.Probably a GPU bottleneck.Yes it is a GPU bottleneck,the gpu usage goes from 50-100% almost every second.
The BEST cod l've play!!!!! The singer player even better than bf1 and titan2
not so bad but ♥♥♥♥ remaster
I was a little concerned at first about all the negative reviews that I read after I bought it and was waiting for the download. I'd see n that people said it was buggy and slow and just basically all round terrible. Well so far I haven't had any issues with frame rates or bugs at all. It plays like COD usually does. The story is fine, it's not shakespeare or something but then it never claims to be. Multiplayer is again the usual fare which is fine. Basically this series, and this game, is the popcorn flick of video games. It's got explosions and guns etc which is what I came here for and it's what I got. Maybe battlefied 1 or Titanfall are better, they probaly are, but that doesn't make this terrible by any means. In fact I have to say I'm enjoying it
Really fun!
This impression goes off OT sometimes.. but this is because unlike previous years.. there are several good games released simultaneously. But the short version is: Campaign is good, but more like Wing Commander, and have nothing to do with CoD (rename?) MP? no.. skip this title for that. Get Titanfall 2, which is better than any other game released this month.The longer version..This game feels like it is party Wing Commander, and portions of Star Citizen. I don't know if this game is a kind of a field test in that direction, but I hope that it is. Because judging from the components they do have some solid ground to build on here. They would need to work on prodecural planets, and such. But all of those are connectivity issues. As for the main areas of interest. They seem to already have what they need to put something together in that redard. I know this is off topic, but I honestly want someone to put a bit of heat on Chris Roberts. He seems to be stuck in feature creep land. Anyway, back on topic... is this game good? Yes it is... I know the usual cry babies who are angry about the inclusion of the remake in the price... boohooo.. I'll give a perfectly fine game an -1.. because... I'm crying. No, this game is good... is it game of the year material? No, absolutely not. But it is OK. The story is like most mid range movies you would see off something like Netflix. An OK night, with some chips and a beer. I feel they could have spent more time working on the characters, and try telling a story with a bit more voice. I think BF1 actually did better this time, with their longer scenes. Although I think the BF1 'campaign' is woefully short. If it could be called a campaign at all? But the thing is, they fleshed their characters better, and did give them more space than in this game. Same goes for Titanfall 2 (I got it because it had a campaign this time.. I didn't buy the first one because it lacked it) which is actually really good. I think Titanfall 2 is actually the best game of all three I mentioned. It is such a shame it got so hurt by the placement between BF1 & IF, and not to mention the lack of marketing by EA. A real shame... buy that game. Off track again, but there you go.. this game is enjoyable. But you need to look at this game as something new. It doesn't really have much in common with previous titles at all. And I do hope they try going after the void that Wing Commander have left... this game proves (at least to me) that they can fill those shoes. They should probably have called this game something else other than 'call of Duty' because it doesn't feel like it have anything at all to do with those games. This feels like a new IP, and should have been treated that way. I do recommend this game, because it is enjoyable... no matter what other issue you have about a remake being forced in a purchase etc..
Step aside from your preconceptions and look at IW with fresh eyes: It's a good game. Is it the best game ever made? No. Is it the best CoD? No. But is it worth $60? Yes. 100%You're getting a damn solid single player campaign, the multiplayer we've all come to love, and a particularly great addition to zombies for $60. Throw in an extra $20 and get CoD 4.The fact of the matter for people who hate this is that you were going to hate it before you even booted it up. We've gotten so far down this anti-CoD bandwagon that it's cool to hate it now.But we have a solid, well optimized CoD game that will keep you entertained for a while! Try it out if you've ever enjoyed a CoD. You'll enjoy this one too.
First things to put forward is that the game can come with certain issues. Mine would be that the sound was not coming from the game when I booted it up. However, after searching for a solution on google I came across a video on how to fix the problem so that i can enjoy the game. As soon as I was able to enjoy the game, because usually I don't when it comes to Call of Duty games. It was a game changing experience as it involves a different method of how the campaign is played. Instead of the natural a string of events playthrough, you can slect other missions to go to on the mission map. This gives freedom from progressing on the campaign or having some kick♥♥♥♥♥action on the go between the mains. The story is better than usual as it involves humour and sorrow and develops a love for the characters and realeasing the true image of war and what it brings to those involved.
What black ops 3 should have been
I had mixed feelings about this game when I purchased it, and I did go all out and buy a Digital Deluxe edition to get my hands on the Modern Warfare Remaster but I do have to say, this game is getting a lot of unecessary hatred and flak for absolutely no reason, it may be futuristic sure, it may be more of the same in a few ways absolutely, but it isn't by any means terrible, infact it's pretty entertaining and the story, as well as the characters are well written and likeable.I overall enjoyed my playthrough of the campaign and quite liked getting stuck into a CoD game again, I will however say it still doesn't top the Modern Warfare trilogy as that time line and story was the best that I think Infinity Ward has put out there, that being said this game is worth a pick up if you enjoy a good FPS shooter with some other elements to the gameplay like vehicle gameplay etc.For the record it isn't at all terrible but I cant see the new futurisitic theme being anything to ride home about, but it's fun nonetheless and the multiplayer is a good casual entertaining experience. It definately doesn't deserve the hatred that it gets at all.If I were to rate it I'd give it these scores...Gameplay - 8/10Single player - 8.5/10Multiplayer - 8/10Graphics - 8.5/10
its ite
This review, will not be about the gameplay, not about the hardware requirements, and not how it performs. If you are wanting that, read other reviews. This will be about the campaign. This game starts you off as a member of a large war, and soon after your captain dies, you are promoted to Captain. The main character who you play as, Nick Reyes, grows a strong attachment to his friends, his ship, and his crew of over 100 men. As the story progresses, it gets more intense as more is revealed. But in the end, in a last fight, the ending is very tragic, and may be emotional to others. I may be a baby, but the end credits scene made me shed a few tears. If you are getting this game, for modern warfare, then go ahead, but before you say any hateful words to IW, please try out the campaign, it has been the best COD campaign that I have seen so far, or in fact any other game, have some extra dollars to spend, I would highly suggest getting this game, not for the multiplayer, not for modern warfare, but for the campaign, it is truly an astonishing one.SPOILER SECTION
I haven't bought a cod since MW3 came out and that was on the Xbox 360... I sold my ♥♥♥♥ing Marble Fade Gut Knife FN to buy this game cause it looked really good. 80's themed zombies, a story line with Conor Mcgregor and Kit Harington. What not to like? Besides all the negative feed from SJW's this game is actually really fun. I thought it looked like trash when I first seen the trailer but meh idk. I honestly really just wanted a COD game and I'm satisfied.  8/10 My opinion ^^^_____________________________________________
Infinite Warfare doesn't deserve all the hate that it gets, while it isn't the best Call of Duty, it's way better than some CoDs. It stutters a bit some times, but I can get it to run at 60 fps, and I have a pretty bad PC. I find the supply drops not to be as bad as BO3 or AW, but they're still there. I haven't played zombies, but I've been hooked on the campaign and the multiplayer. I haven't even played MW Remastered yet! You should get it with MWR if you have the money, but if it's your first CoD, I recommend MW or MW2 instead. The point is IT DOESN'T DESERVE THE HATE IT GETS!
Do you know why is this COD in space? Because nobody on earth wanna buy it :-D
COD IW is like most other call of duty games, a waste of time and money! Its quick and looks good but ultimately its all spray and pray. its full of typical♥♥♥♥♥♥However COD MW remastered is very good. Would like more rounds per half on SnD but apart from that its not bad!
First off, im not a huge CoD fan, but really guys come on.!I dont know why people rage over the game all the time, most of the people are battlefield 1 fans who join the cod community and make reviews after 19min gameplay and crying over the game before they refund. Cod now adays has turned into something extra and new. I know this isnt Cod 4, its flying, running on walls and such, if people hate that.. its fine. I know its pretty much not Cod anymore its more of a mix between old cod and titanfall or what ever people wanna call it. I never had lag, issues, crashed. I got good fps all the time, finding games and so on all the time, my friend got a really bad graphic card and still play this game without any issues at all.People need to understand that things change, every game and company and your entire life will not be the same for 50 years. I think this game is really cool and its really good optimized compared to what black ops 3 was the first days. Try the game out, if you dont like, refund it and play something you like. Why even this hate towards everything that changes. They also made Cod 4 remastered but people cry over that too. Btw, reason to 80% of the hate comments around the game usually has a reason of kids not being able to afford the game or people who cant understand that things change since the first CoD game or people who cant understand that every game doesnt contain war and airplanes like battlefield. (Dont even say that cod is making the same♥♥♥♥♥♥every year, they doing their best they also made remastered this year for all the crying fanboys out there. Battlefield has like 20 games and they released one every year since 2002, so dont even judge Cod)
First off, im not a huge CoD fan, but really guys come on.!I dont know why people rage over the game all the time, most of the people are battlefield 1 fans who join the cod community and make reviews after 19min gameplay and crying over the game before they refund. Cod now adays has turned into something extra and new. I know this isnt Cod 4, its flying, running on walls and such, if people hate that.. its fine. I know its pretty much not Cod anymore its more of a mix between old cod and titanfall or what ever people wanna call it. I never had lag, issues, crashed. I got good fps all the time, finding games and so on all the time, my friend got a really bad graphic card and still play this game without any issues at all.People need to understand that things change, every game and company and your entire life will not be the same for 50 years. I think this game is really cool and its really good optimized compared to what black ops 3 was the first days. Try the game out, if you dont like, refund it and play something you like. Why even this hate towards everything that changes. They also made Cod 4 remastered but people cry over that too. Btw, reason to 80% of the hate comments around the game usually has a reason of kids not being able to afford the game or people who cant understand that things change since the first CoD game or people who cant understand that every game doesnt contain war and airplanes like battlefield. (Dont even say that cod is making the same♥♥♥♥♥♥every year, they doing their best they also made remastered this year for all the crying fanboys out there. Battlefield has like 20 games and they released one every year since 2002, so dont even judge Cod)
Okay to be honest the game isn't perfect, but with some more bug fixes the game will be way better than the previous game "Call of Duty♥♥♥♥♥♥Ops 3" At first I only got this to play remastered, but I ended up also downloading IW. IW isn't super bad, the sniping needs some work and both Remastered and IW need some optimization fixes. If you're looking to get this I would wait until the game is either on sale or until there are some more updates and fixes, but with that said. The game isn't that baad it's way better than bo3, ghosts, and advanced♥♥♥♥♥♥fare. So that's my review
i think this game is really fun, I have been enjoying it so far and there have not been many problems to me. The story is alright but the enemy's on hardened have way too much/strong armour so it's hard for me to kill them so i whould rate the story mode alone 7/10. The zombies is above average around 8(ish)/10. The multiplayer is great it's the bit i have been playing the most I usually come in the top 3 (ffa and tdm not the others) and there are no glitches so far the multiplayer i whould have to rate 9/10 i do reccomend getting this game. my final rating is around 8.2/10 + 0.3 for bots so 8.5/10. 8.5/10 is my rating for this game, a tip to getting it to look amasing is just turn off antialiasing or put it on fxaa.
THE GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING BUY IT WORTH MY £80 IW IS A REALLY GOOD GAME ITS LIKE BO3 BUT EVEN BETTERIF YOU DONT LIKE FUTURISTIC♥♥♥♥♥♥JUST PLAY MWMW IS THE SAME AS IT WAS BUT WITH REALLY GOOD GRAPHICS10/10 WOULD SPED £80 AGAIN
BEST GAME EUNE
This game is freaking dope
great
Well, this may not be popular to type this, but I found the campaign to be pretty great. I had a lot of fun with the space-shooty parts and while the plot isn't deep, I didn't expect GoT level story driven quality levels (see what I did there).If you like shooters with some pretty cool environments, the campaign delivers!I haven't tried the mp yet, so I can't say anything about it.
Far better than AW and Black Ops 3. Plus the zombies mode is fun as ♥♥♥♥.
I haven't played CoD since Black Ops 1. And coming back to it here, is actually pretty nice. I know what CoD means to the internet these days, and I know how much Activision likes to eat♥♥♥♥♥♥.. But honestly, if these games weren't released every year like clock work, I think there would be a less hateful bias against it, because frankly? It's pretty good.I love space and sci-fi, and so far, the game has done quite well in the portrayal of the Martian Arabs' war on the United States of America's Earth and the sci-fi tropes within. The game looks great, and plays very well. I love the attention to "possible" detail of things futuristic. Like the spacecraft you fly for example, as a pilot myself, I really like the design of the craft and the thought put into it. The remastered CoD4 is also a great addition, despite all the cloak and dagger that's been done by Activision and all...In all honesty, I really think that if CoD wasn't released every damn year, and if Activision didn't try to Greek-f**k your wallet's thighs with its BS, people wouldn't be hating on it so much... It's honestly a good game. It's not genre defining, of course, but niether is BF1.
Great looking single player game that plays fluidly I really enjoy it, Have not played multyplayerRuns great on my pc rx 480 8gb, ram 16gb, oc fx 6300 4.6ghz just a small wait to load first entering the game after that virtually no loading times
Great game
I didn't have very high expectations for Infinite Warfare but i can say that the multiplayer isn't actually that bad however, i woudn't say its outstanding because i much prefer the old style cods with boots on the ground which is the main reason why i bought the cod so that i could play the remaster. The Zombies is by far one the best maps ive played in along time, it has great little features in it such as self reviving and in game tickets which in my opinion put it above BO3 First zombies map. Infinite Warfare Campaign - Not playedInfinite Warfare Multiplayer - 8.5/10Modern Warfare Multiplayer - 9.5/10Modern Warfare Campaign 10/10
Well i have played alot of call of duty and I have had alot of fun with this one people are just puting bad comments because it has boost jumps and they havent really played the game to experience its full potential and zombies is a great addition to the game 10/10
So like many other people who bought this game, I bought it for the COD 4 remaster. However, I have played this one 23 hours more than the remaster. Honestly, I'm really enjoying Infinite Warfare. The campaign I've touched a little bit of and from what I have played it seems as the story is good. (UPDATE) I have now finished the campaign and it's one of the best campaigns I have ever played from the CoD series. I really recommend playing through this one! Just the fact you can actually take control of the ships is new so you are not on rails shooting and the playstyle is great!  Zombies is pretty fun too, I've touched a little bit into this aswell. The map is really well done and the setting is pretty cool with mini games thrown in around to buy things with the tickets you can get. Multiplayer does have a few balancing issues and needs slightly patching. But all in all, the multiplayer is well done and it's rather enjoyable. I was worried about the optimisation of this game and to be honest it works absolutely fine. No problems whatsoever with graphical glitches or really bad frame drops. Cod4 for me runs slightly worse and I think a patch is needed as one minute I'm getting 150 fps whilst looking at Captain Price and the embers of his cigar. The next minute I look out of the helicopter and 18fps.Will update once I've played more of the story but for now I'd recommend this game!UPDATE : So I tried playing MWR Campaign again, and the issue with fps seems to be fixed! im now getting a solid framerate instead of it jumping around to low levels!
Sorry to see so many poor reviews. I do not play multiplayer thanks to punks who shoot spawners and curse you on any kill they suffer. As a single player campaign, I find this a good game.  It is an AAA FPS game, of which there have been few and far lately. Great graphics, great story, ok combat so far (3 hours in so far). If you like SP combat, this is well worth the money until a new Half Life shows up ;-)
I enjoyed cod:IW the multiplayer is good, there is good variety and the game runs very smoothly even with max graphic settings. Now im not a big cod fan I only ever played and owned 2 cod games which is cod MW2 and Black ops 3. There are a few problems with trying to connect with my friend on zombies or multiplayer and other minor problems but other than that I think this game is amazing its definitely the best cod game yet... well there is MW remasterd.
dO NOT LISTEN TO THIS CRY BABIES ABOUT THE GAME.  IT IS FULLY OPTIMISED AND LOOKS GREAT. GRANTED IT IS NOT A STAND IN ONE SPOT AND CREEP UP ON YOUR ENEMY KIND OF GAME. IF THAT IS WHAT YOUR LOOKING FOR PLEASE GO BUY RAINBOW 6 SEIGE. BUT IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A FAST PACE ENJOYABLE GAME WITH A WHOLE BUNCH TO LOOK FOWARD TO IN THE FUTURE PLEASE TRUST THIS REVIEW AND BUY THE GAME.  I WAS NOT GOING TO BUY THE GAME BECAUSE I HATED BO3 BUT IT WAS WORTH THE BUY. WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE?
Great campaign, the best since the Modern Warfare series.
"Peace to the Fallen" R.I.P  All Who Died in This Game. Never forget!(My news paper 4 school in muslim) هارامبي لم 9/11؟ فعل بوش بوش هارامبي هارامبي قتل؟ كان خطة بوش القيام به 9/11؟ هل هارامبي يموت بسبب بوش هو الذي كان على وشك القيام به 9/11! هارامبي قد فعلت 9/11 ولكن... بوش كان على وشك القيام بذلك على أي حال. معرفة خططه كانت stollen بعث طرف مكتب التحقيقات الفيدرالي في بحث عن السارق.  الخطط-كما هو مبين أعلاه لنا-تقول لنا أن بوش كان على وشك القيام به 9/11 ولكن هارامبي حصلت هناك أولاً! بوش استأجرت طفلا للقفز إلى هارامبيس هارامبي القفص لطيف حتى المحمية الطفل عن طريق سحب له من طريق الخطر. مربي الحيوان لم يذهب حتى إلى المدرسة. حتى أنهم أطلقوا النار هارامبي هارامبي، توفي. بوش كان اللوم ولكن... أنحوا باللائمة على حارس حديقة الحيوان بدلاً من ذلك.فعل بوش هارامبي، هارامبي لم 9/11!الإعلانية بالعنق الحمراء المتمردة هيلاري كلينتون هو دونك! هيلاري كلينتون يعطي معلومات مصنفة إلى إيزيس"HAI FIREND TAKE DIS NO TELLIE"هيلاري صاح أحد من أي وقت مضى حتى يمكن سماع إيزيس حرية المثليين فيجتيرز"الهجوم وسرقوا المعلومات"!!!الإعلانية التي Lgbtlvgtrewnbmvلجبثاجكلنكمن < جسوهيوالاهواكبار^ PROOF111روسيا هاكسز كلينتون صانع لها LOSE111
TURN OFF FILMIC GRAIN AND USE FXAA, THEN TURN OFF V-SYNC AND CRANK EVERYTHING ELSE except volumetric lighting or dynamic lighting. The game looks amazing runs amazing 91 FPS on a fx8350 gtx970 and 16gb of ram. The game plays great after you get it setup to your liking. I wish people would stop bashing on it for no good reason then wonder why theres a small community on pc... I bought the $100 version and im very happy with my purchase. Butt loads of content PLUS "winter is coming" to the campaign lol. Buy it, dont be sceptical, and youll love it! Stop the undeserved hatred towards a good game!!!!!
its really good, idiots hate without even playing it.
I like it alot more then I thought I would.
runs like a dream - 1070GTX in 4k everything Ultra. Looks beautiful, campaign is excellent - the best COD since Modern Warfare. Probably why they chose to remaster that one! If it isn't running for you then you probably have a dodgy graphics card, MB, drivers, proc or ram.
Take a moment and read this. THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC.  Review based on Campaign and Multiplayer.People are complaining about the loot drops, how its pay to win.  Please show me where you can even purchase a loot drop.  They dont exist.  Only things I have seen for sale is the season pass.  I'm sure there will likely be some type of packages for purchase at some point.   For now, you can get every weapon with keys earned in game. Its NOT PAY TO WIN OR PAY TO PLAY ANYWHERE.  Its just play the game, earn the points and trade for drops.  At some point I'm sure there will be microtransactions, but right now, there isn't, everyone complaining about it, they are complaining about something that isnt even there.  People are putting out a lot of bad info.As for the game, the campaign is great, I love sci-fi and this has been a healthy dose of it.  Its well written, the dialogue is good, not the typical cheese thrown into fps games as filler.  I'm about half way through the campaign and there have been plenty of Holy Crap moments.  I havent enjoyed a COD campaign this much since the first Modern Warfare.  The campaign has been a pleasant surprise as it is much better than I had hoped.  Now for the multiplayer, performance and graphics.This game has it all,  this is by far the fastest FPS game ever made.  There isnt a single FPS that can compare to the speed of the multiplayer here, the only one that is close is Quake 3.  I play HC deathmatch for the most part, so you only need a couple of hits on each player to move onto the next, this keeps the gameplay frantic.  When you learn how deep the movement system really is, you will be blown away, its fast, VERY VERY FAST.  You can play some maps without ever touching the floor, or you can play every map without ever getting off the ground.  The weapon builds along with the perks and the rig classes allow for a HUGE amount of customization of gameplay styles.  There is no overpowering meta build that everyone will focus on, you can build any type of combination into a powerhouse. , the map design is on par with the original MW maps.  They just feel great, from the lanes of travel, to spots you can set up an ambush, or you can snipe from a good spot if you find one.  The freedom of movement here is unmatched by any other games.  It takes a little practice to master, but once you have it, it becomes second nature and sometimes you will pull off movement combos and say to yourself, "did i really just do that?!!?"  SMG play is best suited for high speed, high agility game play, sliding by an opponent to tag him when you go by followed by boosting into the air and hopping from left to right walls, passing other players beneath you, then turning and delivering some SMG Fury, it just feels too good.  Rifles and heavier weapons are more suited for the larger maps and a little slower play, every bit as lethal as SMG's.  Good variation with the perk systems, that allow for really, any combo and game play style.Then you have rig specific PAYLOAD weapons and skills.  I can tell you that EVERY weapon feels good, the weapon effects are impressive, from the particles, to the relfecting bullets and shrapnel.  The very first rig's payload weapon "the Claw" can clear a room in less than a second with a huge field of fire and an insane fire rate.  It will leave you giggling.  Then the heavier class, you have a heavy weapon that is a nod to Half-lifes Gluon gun.  When you unleash the beam of death upon a foe, you get to see them pop, literally, gratuitous popping sound included.  Then you have weapon variations, EVERYTHING can be unlocked in game, just by playing.  I've already unlocked a few of the Loot drop box exclusive weapons.  Without paying for anything loot boxes, There isnt a place to even buy loot boxes, as of yet.  So please disregard people saying that you have to buy them.  YOU DONT.  How does it perform?  It runs great on my system.  It booted right up and played with zero problems even before updating to the current nvidia drivers.  The audio is certainly on point here.  Every gun sounds good, there is no pew pew sounding pee shooters here.  Everything is crisp, clear, and has the bass and thump when it needs it. There is a HUGE amount of customization and optimization options in game.  Ive seen a lot of people saying they have had problems with frame rates, even on high end equipment.  I think the majority of this is their own configs.  Sure there are things that will be improved via patches.  But there are many things that can be causing this on their end.  A big problem people have had with frame rate with games on steam has been caused by the WIN 10 backround services, the xbox services that run by default in the backround has caused many a frame rate dip on many games.  Disabling that may improve your fps problems.  Also, disabling nvidia share, or shadow play may improve problems as well.    My only one gripe so far is the capped 91fps in multiplayer, the campaign is uncapped, but the multiplayer can go no higher than 91 fps.  I'm sure there will be a fix for this shortly.  But even 91 fps is pretty nice performance.  You wont notice it at all unless you are running a high refresh rate monitor, like a 144hz.  I run an i7 5820k, 64g of ram, and a msi 1080.  All stock speeds, at 1440p everything maxed, I have a constant 125fps solid in campaign, and a solid 91 fps in multiplayer.  I cant reccomend this game enough.If you are looking for a fresh fps experience, that is fast, and feels great, THIS IS IT.
Really fun single player campaign is one of the best that Call of Duty has to offer. I played on an overclocked i7-3770k, 16gb ram, and an overclocked 1080, I averaged around 110fps on max settings at 1440p. I didn't have any crashes or many bugs at all. I only had some performance stuttering in some places, over all it was pretty good techinically. Took me about 8-9 hours to complete the game. I liked this one a lot more than Advanced warfare and BO3. No spoilers, but the mission on Titan was super awesome.
its goog and all but i keep getting ♥♥♥♥ing disk errors fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥!! i recomend it after they fix their ♥♥♥♥ing game
i liked it is was fun i like the zombies in this one
I wish people would stop Downvoting this game because theres "No community" There would be a community if you didn't scare off all the potential buyers lol. This COD is the first one I've purchased since BO2. With that said I've probably played bits and pieces of other COD's but never owned one or played seriously online since that installment. I was always more of a Treyarch boy myself, only ever really playing scenario's and campaign of Infinity's MW, wasn't a fan of their style Multiplayer. And I was always using console. I've always been afraid of owning a COD for PC, they all have mixed reviews at best, and let's face it, just port's of the primarily console developed game. But buying it this year has been eye opening to me.COD on PC... ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, just like on console. Plus if you have yourself a decent rig, you'll be glad you bought it here cause the graphics are fantastic, and I don't get wowed by graphics much. I did play a reasonable amount of BO3 and it wasn't in my opinion the best feeling combat or multiplayer, but they added so much reason to grind and play between the zombies and the stupid crates. And it's the same thing here, but a little bit better. I'm just really excited about the zombies, it's so different from how treyarch was doing it with BO3 but it's still simple enough to understand and have fun with.FINAL: I suggest you give it a shot if you're remotely interested. It's only the first weekend, it'll build a following. If you buy it now, it's worth the $60. You'll go back and forth on it over the next year.Specs:Nvidia GTX 960 4gb <----- lol ikrAMD FX Octa-core Black Edition 3.1ghz8g stick of ramASUS M5A97 LE R 2.0 MoBoSo anybody with a gtx 1080 ti that says this game is horrible and it's a broken port, is full of bs. Probably hasn't tried troubleshooting in any sorta way either..
Hello
I loved the game really , i can say if you're a fan of Space games  you'll love COD infinite warfer they're puting alot of things in it , i love flying the Jakal every mission and upgrading it , i liked the charecters of course with j.Snow even that he the evil guy , the weapons are cool . for me This game is so badass .))
First of all. I'm no cod fanboy, I actually come from the Counter Strike community.As most people will do, I started of playing Call of Duty : Modern Warfare Remastered: And it is honestly horribly optimized, and on that note, I do understand all of the negativity, but, if you try to open the game you're "actually" buying, you'll see, that they honestly did a great job! It's well opimized and looks great, with a rock solid 60FPS, and in my opinion, even better than Black Ops 3. The only bad thing is, that it's in the future, which basically no one wants. It's obvoius, that Infinity Ward, didn't make the remake!So if you're into the future, then go ahead, purchase it! And if you're only buying this for Modern Warfare Remastered, go ahead, but only if you've got a high end PC.
A very good campaign :)
really great game, needs some fps stability updates, maybe a dev consol. also, for those of use who didnt get the legacy edition that includes MWR, maybe make a package that only includes MWR just in case we want ot buy it in the future.
Zombies is really fun, much more light-hearted tone than Treyarch's versions and IW have done quite a good job distancing themselves from it. The 80s aesthetic, the hoff and the soundtrack are all really great. The inclusion of some weapons from the past is also pretty neat too. Overall, really fun. The themepark has tonnes of great minigames that you can sort of relax on for a bit, taking a break from the zombie killing and all.Multiplayer isn't nearly as great. IW have tried to implement all these abilities that make you go fast but the gameplay itself just feels dreadfully slow. Titanfall 2 does this sort of movement system much more better and I would suggest that if you're looking for fast jet-packing action that you just go play that instead.I haven't got around to Campaign yet but I would recommend this purchase on zombies alone (especially with friends)
Feels good to play, and mwr is nice too.
Seems a much better port than CoD:AW . running smothly at a nice stable 60fps . its call of duty . over the top set piece's with a story trying to take itself a tad seriously but a good game nonetheless. the multiplayer seems fine , small maps and sometimes a bit of latency thats bound to happen when using the style of matchmaking thats in place are my only gripes but they are not all that bad. 8/10 Decent , well ported . pretty in 4k
The new Call of Duty is perfect, really, I don't know why people hate it.1. This game has awesome maps with great backgrounds.2. Game has a really good optimization. Better than bad optimization in Black Ops III.2. Campaign is good, but not wondreful like Modern Warfare's campaign.-You can fly in space on your spaceship, it's really nice and funny thing.-You're the captain of the space cruiser!-And more good things.3. Multiplayer is realy perfect. It's very fast, dynamic, interesting and just funny.-All maps are good and created for dynamic game.-You have a lot of guns and equipment.-You can craft your equipment with 4 rariteis.4. Zombies is nice addon where you can play with friends and very fast spend time.I recommend this game. I happy that Infinity Ward developed wondreful game. Thank you Infinity Ward!
Best COD ever. No matter how you guys crying.
I think it's a great deal, you're just paying extra 20 dollars for Infinite Warfare.
I hadn't fully kept up with a Call Of Duty title since Ghosts, and I only bought BO3 a month ago for mod tools, but I have to say that I don't understand what everyones problem is.This might be one of the best COD campaigns since Big Red One and the MW trilogy, giving you characters you can actually give some semblance of a damn about, especially Ethan, that dude is just adorable. The spaceship combat is just awesome aswell, which might give some gamers memories of Star Fox and other cool dogfights in video games. I also found the boost rigs not super useful in the campaign, surprisingly. Stealth finally comes into decent play in COD without being littered with QTEs to get around, Ghosts lean feature finally has some usefulness to it aswell. I also wanna go over the setting and art style, yeah, I get it, all the COD kids think COD is copying Halo while all the Halo kids are pissy Halo is copying COD. It's a vicious cycle and it's kinda a shame gaming has gotten to that. If you remember the beta, a bunch of Halo guys got mad and claimed IW was ripping off designs from Halo, since then I have simply been unable to find those designs in the game, so good job idiots, they actually looked pretty cool, too. It's pretty clear IW takes inspiration from Halo, and even Activisions own Destiny for designs. It's not necessarily a bad thing as I think the art style has some pretty cool designs to it, even though there's an equal amount of very generic at best designs in my opinion.Multiplayer is pretty fun, although I did skip AW and BO3, so I missed a lot. I played BO3 for about a month until this game came out and felt fairly at home playing this. It's fun, it's your pretty usual COD multiplayer, I just wish they took more advantage of all the cool stuff the singleplayer offered (give me zip lines in Multiplayer, please?)I'm in the minority in this opinion, but I feel that Zombies is uh... stupid? I'm sure whatever they do for DLC will likely be more serious, but this just seems way too far apart from the rest of the game, the 80's setting and very weird characters just does not mesh well with the rest of the game for me. In terms of gameplay however, assuming you don't mind that, it's fun, it plays how you would expect, albeit slightly easier and a little too forgiving in my opinion, to the point that I think they should add difficulty levels to Zombies.Overall, I feel like considering all the very negative things this game went through, it's absolutely worth a purchase. It manages to defeat any negative expectations I could have had simply coming out of Ghosts. I understand that 101% of the COD kids didn't want another Sci Fi COD, but just shut the hell up and play it because even if I didn't write this review you still would have bought it. It's different enough from all the other Call Of Duty titles that you'll still enjoy it very much, and with rumors that the next COD game for 2017 will take place in Vietnam, you don't have to wait much longer, I promise.
At least Infinity Ward released something after 3 years while Chris Roberts (Star Citizen) is still selling jpegs for a game that's not even in pre-alpha after the same amount of time. Was expecting jpegs, got a game instead for (at least) half the price 10/10
I laugh quite hard looking at all the bad reviews.
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have to recommend this game because of how creative and fun this game is. I absolutely love the zombies in spaceland, the multiplayer needs some fixing but overall pretty fun, and the campaign is out of this world (literally). There is just one thing that grinds my gears..... Infinity Ward.......... WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU THINKING NOT ADDING IN SPLIT SCREEN TO THE ♥♥♥♥ING PC VERSION OF THIS GAME. ARE YOU GUYS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I MEAN COME ON, THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, WHAT IS A CALL OF DUTY GAME WITHOUT ♥♥♥♥ING SPLIT SCREEN? Other than that the game is realy fun.
Ill firstly say I have no idea why this game has so many negative reviews, probably cause people expect way to much or don't get there own way, or people are just following the crowd, but you can't really believe a review if you put an hour or less into the game.I can say, as soon as i brought the game i almost instantly fell in love with it. The game is beautifully made and you can tell there has been a lot of time and effort creating this game. The game is optimised and is perfectly smooth on my system and the graphics look so nice, and this is abit higher on minimum spec, the settings are normal/high. I have played all games in this franchise and i know infinity ward devs used to be the best at making the game in this franchise, such as the Modern warfare series. (Ghost was terrible and put alot of people off infinity ward i can agree with that)CampaignThe story line is very engaging, and you can tell it goes back to how it used to be in MW1, 2 & 3. Not with the plot of course, but that feeling of you wanting to play the next mission one after another. Infinite Warfare is more towards sci fi based, It brings a breath of fresh air to the call of duty franchise, (as so far its been pretty much the same for years, until now)MultiplayerI am very impressed with how the multiplayer has been made, out of all the call of duty games i have played online, infinite warfare introduces a unique experience that wants you to play more and more. I won't say anymore as i don't want to be spoiling it. Also i have not played a map where you actually fight in space, like in the trailer, and tbh i don't think there is one.It is a bit hard at first, but once you get used to it, you will be jumping off walls like a crazy person picking up kills in no time.Zombie ModeIt seems very unique, but can't say much as i have no put enough time into this mode.Conclusion If your a call of duty fan, and love the franchise i would highly recommend as you won't be disappointed, and theres plently of content worth the money you spend. Of course if you ain't a call of duty fan and prefer Battlefield or Titanfall i would not recommend infinite warfare.If your someone who is fascinated with outter space, love sci-fi and FPS games and would like to see some of the concepts of how things look in space, i.e Planets, Moons etc. Then do yourself a favour and buy this game.But if you do plan to invest, well enjoy the amount of hours you will be investing in the innovative story and multiplayer, and maybe see you in game ;P.
its coo
nice game 10 /8 for a kick GAMECall of Duty Infinite Warfare - Multiplayer
Really enjoyable cinematic sci-fi campaign. Great characters and I enjoyed the writing. Ethan is my favorite robot/ai of all time now. It's a shame how the game launch was handled with putting the remaster behind a pay wall attached to infinite warfare. It caused a lot of unearned hate for what is a solid single player game. I don't do much CoD multiplayer but I always enjoy the single player campaigns. Zombie mode wasn't bad either.
wow is it good games
Game run perfectly my specs are AMD FX 8350 4.00 GHZ and GTX960 4gb running on high everything getting 60 fps lock with v-sync on
Great story and excellent production values, good pick up if you're looking for an engrossing space-opera esque game.  Gameplay is still very much CoD, which is both good and bad.
I had a quick look at the reviews and a lot of the negative ones just don't make any sense - graphics are crisp and whilst not ground breaking are top end.  hardly any lag compared to the lag fest of all the previous COD and Battlefield games is a blessing.  weapons are good, loads of weapon types, attachements and customization.  Loads of challenges.I find you need to play a little more tactically than in previous versions, and getting the right weapons and attachments is a must so expect to struggle a little at first, however it doesn't take loang to level up to start playing well.I have read reviews where people are saying if you like COD then you will like this and then giving a negative review?  How about if you don't like COD don't buy it? the game movement has been toned down from Advancewarfare which is a good thing - no extreme bunny hopping, most of the combat is ground based like the COD of old, you can however wall run.Overall this is a definate improvement to COD, more especially due to the lack of lag and the variety of perks and weapons - only downside so far is that the maps are very small
While I bought the legacy edition, my main focus is only on Infinite Warfare, since I'm still a bit exhausted from boot on the ground games. I wanna start off by saying that I'm not having any issues with performance at all, I'm using a GTX 1070, but I have two friends using a GTX 970, who are also not having any performance issues. The game runs smoothly and in my opinion one of the best PC ports for CoD. In addition, there graphics for the game have definetly improved from Black Ops 3, it's easily noticeable when looking at the textures. Before diving right into the review, I wanna state that I play both Battlefield and Call of Duty games, since people love to make the comparision between the two...even though they are completetly different games.Pros:• Amazing Campaign (8 hours, has side missions, a nice variety in missions, great story)• Well Optimized• Graphics Improvement (mostly noticeable on the textures and lighting)• Smooth Exo-Movement• Better Variety of Guns (laser weapons are so awesome)• Zombies (its easier than BO3, but its still really good)Overall Multiplayer is Good:         • Deeper customization that can appeal to anyone's play style.         • Includes a variety of weapons with the addition of classical ones (M1, UMP, Spas12)         • New gamemodes such as Frontline (stops spawn camping), and Infection.         • Added replayability through craftable weapons.Cons:• Campaign's pacing is a bit too slow.• Multiplayer is Unbalanced.• Matchmaking sucks.• There are hackers lurking around, at least more in this CoD than any other that I have played.• Dev support is horrendous.Overall, I have really enjoyed this game. The campaign was entertaining and more than likely one of the best CoD campaigns. Multiplayer was very fast paced and kept me on my toes similar to Black Ops 3 with more replayability and customization. I would give this game a 9/10, for providing plenty of content, keeping me engaged, and for keeping the smoothness of Black Ops 3.EDIT: I docked .5 from my original rating, due to the lack of dev support.
Fun game I enjoy it, dont jump on the negative train try it for yourself and you will be surprised
Like past CoD games, the multiplayer has it's balance flaws and gameplay flaws which make me yell at my monitor. But if I put that aside, it's a fast paced shooter which is fun.Once I got used to playing it again, I had a blast.
THE BEST CALL OF DUTY EVER  100000000000000000%  I RECOMEND TO BUY THIS GAME
Disregard all the negative reviews, I am playing through the campaign and its the most fun I've had with a COD in quite awhile.  Good performance with a GTX 980; great game!
Notice how none of the reviews actually go in detail about what's good and bad about the game. For people who are new to the series, this is a more casual, streamlined and fair FPS (first person shooter) with fast and fluid gameplay. The bulk of your time playing this game might be shared between 3 robust modes which I'll give my opinions on.Multiplayer: this is where you play with other people across the world. For most, this is where most of the replay value is. Not very unique compared to other entries in the series honestly, but this isn't necessarily a bad thing. The game is as fluid and responsive as ever. My only true complaint about multiplayer is the lack of map variety. The scenery isn't as unique for me.Campaign: many won't be accepting this, but for me it is BY FAR the highlight of the series. The story although maybe not original, is captivating and the characters are memorable. Fight scenes are fun and for a 6-7 hour campaign I ALMOST could recommend buying the game just for the story expierence. Definitely a highlight. I may dare say that the characters are almost as iconic as the classing MW1 story. More on that later.Zombies: definitely recommended for cooperative play. Unique enough for people to put a few hours into it. Wouldn't say it's for everyone but honest fans of the zombies series won't be dissapointed in my opinion. I am eager to find out about the secrets this map has to offer.For those who bought the legacy edition, this game also comes with a completely remastered version of the game that started the annual franchise, Modern Warfare. Unfortunately, the only way to buy this is to bundle it with infinite warfare, and to many this is a deal breaker, but honestly BOTH GAMES ARE NOT A BAD DEAL BY ANY MEANS. THERE ARE HOURS TO BE FOUND IN BOTH GAMES, YES BOTH. Raven honestly made right by this remaster, I wish developers like Bethesda would take notes on re releasing a game!!! Without a doubt worth the extra $20, and if they were to sell the game separately perhaps worth even more.All in all, this game is worth your time and money. What disappoints me is that the gaming community has set a trend where hating this game makes you cool or popular, so all of the reviews will be trashing this game when as you can tell none of the reviews are actually thought provoking or giving detail to why the game is terrible. Is the game worth a perfect 5/5? No, more like a 4, however I'm giving a perfect review to even out the bias hate reviews because consumers actually put thought into whether the game is worth your money and childish people love to hate for no reason. For someone who buys cod every 3-4 years, this was a must buy for me. The competition this year is outstanding, but you aren't making the wrong choice choosing call of duty.
It adds a nice zombies mode, Fast pace multi player , and engageing campagin
Having not played a CoD since the original MW about a decade ago, I can say that IW and MW:R are both enjoyable games for a fan of FPS genres in general.  I can certainly understand the hate from people who have played every BLOPS iteration of CoD and think this game is just a slightly tweaked and reskinned game, it most likely is.  If you played the hell out of the last CoD, maybe skip this game, or purchase it for the nostalgia of MW:R like many others seem to be doing, but if you are like me and have been out of the loop regarding this series for a while, it's definitely a game you can get your moneys worth with.  I have also been playing Battlefield 1 back and forth, this is a good game to switch between when I'm tired of WW1 weapons and slower paced combat and need to get my space robot wallrunning boostjump on for a while in a few fast paced matches.As far as the campaign goes, I started it last night and played it for about 4 hours before switching to MP, have not finished it yet but I will say the plot and voiceovers are well done, and the graphics are great compared to most games that have come out this year.  Lots of people saying it is the best campaign since the original MW, thus far, although I haven't completed it, I would have to agree.I give IW a 7/10, it would score higher if it had more innovative features, but come on, this studio isn't known for doing that and probably never will be.  I will add another point for the MW:R add on, it's fun, but honestly between playing it and IW, I actually enjoy IW and it's pace more at this point.  My PC specs are:6700k @ 4.5ghz16gb DDR4Samsung 950 SSDTitan X (Pascal)Acer X-34 Gsync 100hz DisplayThe game plays buttery smooth and never dips below 100FPS in the single player, and 91 (which is a strange cap) in MP.
To start off with; I haven't played the multiplayer, only the campaign. So far I like the game, people talk about all sorts of glitches. I only had one glitch and I simply reloaded from last checkpoint and it was done. I like the game it's, as you would expect of a COD game, fast paced and loads of action. The weapons are new, however they bear some remarks of weapons today which is nice. I haven't finished the campaign, but there's a range of small secondary missions. Although they are secondary they are really well made and fleshed out. The game almost have a Mass Effect feel to it, but being first person action only.To boil it down:If you want a faced-paced shooter with a nice story this would be the game for you.
Honestly it's not that bad
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remaster-piece tbh.IW is also a lot of fun too
If this game had its multiplayer component removed it would be rated mostly positive, which is a shame since the campaign has one of my favourite FPS game stories and the zombies is on par with Treyarch's.
Had no problems at all with game loads everytime no lag smoth game play........... For the ones moaning we  all know first few days or more there will be bugs If you dont like then dont buy it till done, No one makes you buy it. and for thos who say its heavy,clunky etc..... What you really mean is u am♥♥♥♥♥♥you cannot play a mans game so ur blaming the game......If you think u can build a game then release it without any bugs or problems then u chat♥♥♥♥♥♥..The only thing wrong with infinite warfare is the players who aint got a clue and its peaple like you that presure games companys to bring games out early,,,,,,So wind your neck in sell the game and shut the fuc up. PS : Zombies is top SPEC I7 920 CLOCKED TO 3.08GB RAM1GB GTS 460 (NOT CLOCKED)X2 SCREENSWITH NO PROBLEMS
Update - April 15th, 2017This is will my last installment in the 6 month saga of Infinite Warfare. I've gone ahead and changed my recommendation from No to "YES".A couple of things have made me change it. After 6 months and over 120 hours of gameplay, even though I paid full price it was still worth it. Multiplayer takes a while to catch a rythm, and I'm not the "best" player by any stretch but I've managed to figure out a way to play where I'm competitive. And it's been fun.Zombies has been spectacular. Really the best I've played. IW pays homage to a particular 20th century decade each time. 80's, 90's and the 70's are on the way. Zombies is really the very best part of Infinite Warfare. I wish they'd spin this off into it's own game already.At this time you can pick up the base game for around $30. I'd pay that for Zombies alone, throw in a very good multiplayer experience and the game is a winner....Anyways, I'm done here nothing more to say.Enjoy!Update - January 2nd-Since my refund was never accepted, and I spent $80 on this game, I've forced myself to try and find something postitive.First and foremost, the best thing this game has going for it, is the Zombies in Spaceland mode. I've spent a good 10 to 12 hours playing it so far. It's very well done as far as the ambiance and feel of the 80's. I really like it. On the down side, while there is tons do in Spaceland, there is no apparent objective. I'm still "figuring things out" at the moment.Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare Remastered is a travesty if not a crime. COD4 is easily one of the best competitive shooters of all time. The remastered version was the only reason I purchased Infinite Warfare in the first place. The game has turned out to be a buggy mess. From the poorly implemented matchmaking to horrible frame rate issues. It's an insult to the legacy that COD4 rightly deserves. As far as the visual difference between the origianl and the remastered version, see for yourself:Multiplayer is just a cut and paste from Black Ops 3 with more of the things you don't like. Wall Jumping, jet packs, odd weapons that don't feel natural... It's all in there. The maps are a mess as well. Although some flourish in this run, shoot, kill, die, respawn, repeat enviorment. I can't imagine this keeping your attention for more than a few hours. The whole crafting system, weapons unlocks, kill streak unlocks, weapon attachments unlocks... It's all a grind and outside of fire rate, the weapons in each class all feel the same...In the end, Zombies in Spaceland save IW from being a complete catastrophe. But, even so, this will be my last hurrah with the COD series. Activision's contempt for it's customer base, it's lack of vision and complete disregard for the PC community are it's ultimate downfall.November 5th - Underwhelmed is an understatement. Infinite Warfare plays like a cheap Gameloft clone. The bonus here is this game is pretty much unplayable. Frame rates go from 120 fps to 1 fps. Not exactly what you want from a competitive online shooter.I requested a refund, but was denied. The ridiculous shader caching that happens the moment you start the game pushed me over the 2 hour limit.
BEFORE ANYTHING, I OWN BATTLEFIELD 1 AS WELL. And yes, I own every CoD / Battlefield on the PC and yes, I play multiplayer on both.Let's tell you my take on the difference between both.Battlefield series: The main highlight is squad play. You pick a class and work as a team.CoD series: PEW PEW PEW BANG BANG BANG SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT.THEY ARE BOTH ENTIRELY DIFFERENT TYPES OF SHOOTERS, BOTH WITH THEIR STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES. Keep this in mind as this will be the mentality that I'm basing my review on.PerformancePerformance wise, I'm running an Intel i5-3570k @ 3.4Ghz alongside a GTX970 and 16GB worth of RAM, and the game runs butter-smooth at 60fps on 1080p. The same CANNOT be said for the Modern Warfare 1 Remaster that came alongside this game which drops to 5+fps every now and then for some strange reason. SingleplayerOkay, it's typical Call of Duty, you run and gun, you shoot stuff like that. The story's pretty much the same in every post-MW1 Call of Duty game. Stuff blows up, you get involved, you become a superhuman, you shoot and murder everyone in your way. It's an effective formula, apart from the fact that you're playing on a template.When compared with Battlefield 1, the story feels shallow and there's a lack of character build up (apart from a few scenes with the robot). But that's okay, let's face it. Call of Duty is for the action, it's for blowing stuff up and shooting people with everything you've got. In short. If you've played any Call of Duty, it's essentially the same thing. I'm not complaining on this, it's still fun none the less. However, what is interesting is that you choose your own pace, much like Black Ops II (remember strike missions?). You can literally pick side missions to complete alongside the main story missions. These side missions gives you upgrades which you can use throughout your singleplayer journey. EDIT: After playing this game for a full 8 hours (yes, that's how long the campaign is if you complete every side mission), I'll have to say this. This doesn't feel like your typical Call of Duty game. I'm dead serious here, there's something about it that isn't Call of Duty-ish. It's actually quite refreshing.MultiplayerNow this is where it gets all exciting. THE MAIN HIGHLIGHT OF CALL OF DUTY!I'll cut it short for you.If you've played anything post-jumpjets and loved it, you'll be in for a good time. People run about, people run on walls, people jump up and down like rabbits.If you've played anything pre-jumpjets and hated the jumpjets part, this isn't for you at all. There's literally no Call of Duty Modern Wafare element with this at all. Oh, did I mention?No dedicated servers.Yep, p2p connection AGAIN.Negative points for that.Extra StuffModern Warfare 1 Remastered is simply put. HORRIBLE. I load a multiplayer game, it literally drops to 5fps every 10 seconds. Keep in mind that I'm running Infinite Warfare on max settings at 60fps (with the exception of pre-rendered cut scenes of course). More will be updated as I go through the campaign / mp TL:DR Version. If you've accepted the fact that CoD will never be without jumpjets and embraced the "new" style of Call of Duty, you're in for a great time. If you're still aiming for the more conventional pre-jumpjet style of CoD, avoid this at all costs--you'll just hate the game.
Best campaign in years, space combat is a lot of fun and being able to choose which missions you want to complete is a nice touch. Zombies is fun and better then ever and a must play co-op, but it's been 3yrs of zombies and I miss the spec-ops missions or even do another horde style extiction mode just not zombies again!  Multiplayer is were is falls short.  Its basically BO3 Multiplayer with some tweaks. Do yourself a favor and get the legacy edition because cod 4 remastered is so worth it and that multiplayer is better then IW.
The campaign is good, both gameplay and story. Zombies sucks♥♥♥♥♥ it contains all the bad aspecs of actual CoD zombies mixed with some new ♥♥♥♥♥♥ features, not to mention poorly designed characters. The muliplayer has potential, the movement is fluid and the maps cater to that however, as per usual it needs some serious balancing patches before it is playable and no matter where you are, the enemy is everywhere else, behind, infront, to the side. It's very difficult to actually last more than 10 seconds without using one of the dumbly OP shotguns. The graphics are excellent as expected and the optimisation for the PC port is actually very good. TL;DR: It's not as bad as people seem to like to make it out to be and I would say that it is worth buying.
Zombies: pretty funStory: pretty good Multiplayer: needs some workRemastered: Feels like the old cod4 Its ok 5/10
A bit buggy, as expected for a new game. Other than that, I like it so far :)
PROS:- COD:IW movement system feels a little 'different' from COD:BO3- COD:IW offers different new weapons to unlock and grind through- COD:IW zombies is fun- COD:IW offers a lot of customization- COD:IW added nostalgic guns from older games- COD:MWR is very nostalgic to play- COD:MWR has some nice additional new camos- COD:MWR now has emblems and calling cardsCONS:- COD:IW and COD:MWR are both optimized poorly for the game- COD:IW doesn't come with steam cards and badges, which is kind of unfortunate if you like to show off your badges to friends for example.-  The 'better' weapons are locked behind a P2W model in COD:IW, same as with COD:BO3.- COD:MWR doesn't even have its own store page, nor trading cards and badges.- COD:MWR won't peak above 3k players on a good day- COD:MWR loading times can be long for some people resulting in them disconnecting and only have 3v3 or 4v4 games.- COD:MWR has a lobbysystem instead of a server system- COD:MWR doesn't have modsupport- For both games most gamemodes other than TDM, Domination and S&D are deadAll and all I would still recommend that you buy these games eventually, cause they are both quite fun and refreshing to play. I am still hoping that the developers will help support both these games untill the end of this year (or even past that). I prefer COD:MWR the most out of the two. And it was also the main reason why I bought the legacy edition (40 euro per game felt reasonable to me). Just some things I hope the developers add are: server and mod support, which will increase the games lifetime, and all the old maps.
*This review is addressing the campaign only*Call me a sinner, but multiplayer - even the legendary titan of Call of Duty's MP - has never really been my scene. I remember playing the very very first Call of Duty's campaign when I was ten, and naturally I sucked, but what amazed me was I was being given the sensation that I'm legit an American infantry soldier with other American infantry soldiers, all striving to keep one another alive and succeed in our objective. Loved it to bits, loved it loved it loved it.And obviously that campaign has aged and become outdated BUT playing Infinite Warfare's campaign feels very similar - I'm not as readily impressed as when I was ten, but everything feels authentic and you especially feel like equal parts a leader, soldier, badass and friend to those under your command; definitely all good things, considering this Call of Duty's storyline is more character-oriented than ever before.The basic story [no spoilers ahead, promise] is as follows: following humanity's extensive colonisation of whatever extreterrestrial bodies it can get its hands on, a rebel militia force from Mars - the Settlemend Defence Front - takes the fight to its neighbour planet Earth, demanding independence and blood. You play as Captain Nick Reyes, a single man charged with doing as much damage to the SDF as possible to keep your home, Earth, safe. Throughout your journies the point is really nailed home that sometimes, you can't save everyone and sometimes, somebody HAS to die. Otherwise, it's a classic CoD storyline - there is bad guy, bad guy wants thing, stop bad guy, shooty shooty grenadey tooty - with some nicely crafted character development and with the addition of side missions, a fresh sense of freedom.Infinite Warfare executed a risky approach to its campaign, where traditionally your character is mute and cutscenes are all played out in first person or during mission loading screens. Here you get to see your character, Captain Nick Reyes, conversing and interacting with other characters in a half-and-half mix of real time first person scenes and beautifully rendered, allbeit 30fps, pre-rendered cutscenes. Voice acting is on point, motion capture is so utterly utterly pleasing and realistic.Which helps, because it makes characters likeable, which is really what this game relies on. You grow attached your robot bud, E3N, and feel like a true friend to your executive officer Salter and British marine badass pal Omar. The way they talk, look at one another and feed off of one another's dialogue and actions really sets the scene for the tense situation you all find yourselves in and the relationships between the characters. That being said, it's a bizarre sensation to come across F1 driver Lewis Hamilton fixing up a tank on your ship, but it's oddly tongue-in-cheek and in the end, slightly endearing.Kit Harrington plays his part as Settlement Defence Front commander Salen Kotch impeccably, sliding into the character of a juvenile rebel space pirate perfectly. I just wish we could have seen more of him and seen him more developed, maybe through playing instead as his second in command, following him into battle and seeing him make the questionable decisions, because Salen Kotch is truly a villain this game deserves.It's a lengthy campaign too, fantastically. It has just over 30 missions (or in some cases, segments of a mission) that can each take up to twenty minutes to finish. I finished the campaign yesterday, clocking in nine hours. There's plenty of content here, I'm very happy to report.Importantly, it gives you the feeling that this war has gone beyond the short distance between Earth and Mars - this war encapsulates our entire solar system. Whether you're stealthily jetpacking your way through an asteroid belt above Pluto, flying above Jupiter or (one of the more oustanding missions) fighting your way through hordes of robots on an asteroid spinning out of control into the friggin sun, there's a sense of grandness. You'll also find yourself killing off the occassional Settlement Defence Front officer, which you can keep track of in your little office. It's definitely a good addition; while it really doesn't change anything story-wise, killing those in command is a nice break away from just killing those being commanded. The arsenal of weapons you'll aquire isn't necessarily sizeable, but when I finally found that loadout that just *works*, I didn't really mind. You can walk around your ship with *some* sense of freedom, and I was pleased to see such minute details as indeliberate dialogue between Reyes and random crewmen. Say what you like about its departure from tradition, but Infinite Warfare has some SERIOUS detail. For real.It won't have any of the immortalised missions like the ones we've seen and played from the Modern Warfare trilogy, and similarly with so many characters and so much story in the one game the inevitable occasional death is only half as affecting as it could be given more time spent with that character, but I still had a ball. The classic explodey action is complimented by some fantastic sound design, it looks great, it runs great (occasional stuttering aside) and most of all I'll be replaying the campaign for some time to come. The story more than holds up, and it's rare to come across a cast of characters I would absolutely love to spend another game with. The shooting is solid, "Normal" difficulty doesn't actually feel just like "Easy", it's some damn good sci-fi action for ya and there's even an FoV slider... everything about this game makes me so so happy that the CoD that got me into gaming is now here. It's even tempting me to try some multiplayer...10/10 would endlessly replay again. To my mind, this review hasn't done it justice enough.
Fun, fast, shooter game. Can''t not be must to play.
So far the Zombies and Multiplayer are normal, they are really good and fun to play, different from the original COD experience. But the Campaign, Best in the COD Series hands down. I felt so connected with the charachters, if there was a Campaign only version for the game for half the price I would recommend buying it now.
If you're used to other CODs take time to get used to it this is my first cod and I like it. It's fun and modern warfare remastered is amazing.
Great futuristic game with stunning graphics. There is a couple of bugs but I understand that the game just came out. Most of people are posting negative reviews because it's futuristic and that't not even a reason to hate the game. If you like futuristic fps games then this one is great for you. I love this game.
I have always been more of a CS:GO player, buit before I started playing CS, I played CoD. Now that I play Inifnity warfare, I cant tell that everything massviely changed (I barely kept up with CoD news) and i really enjoy playing the campaign and the multiplayer... I'd say needs a nit of work on. Reaslly like the game.
I personally love this game. In my opinion it is the best COD single player story they have had in a long time. I mainly buy COD for the single player experence, and then occasionally jump on multiplayer for short bursts or have a go at zombies. So this having a great single player story has made this one of my favorite COD games to date.
its a great game but for now its better on console because it wasnt the best pc port, if your a diehard fan then you should get it, if not you should waiit till the price drops and some of the bugs get worked out. but i see hope in this game and im gonna stick with it unlike most of the people that bought this game.
I expected Call of Duty in Space, I got it. I'm satisfied.
First off, for 80$ you get a insane value proposition.Infinite Warfare Campaign, Multiplayer, Zombies and Modern Warfare Campaign and Multiplayer, thats a insanely good deal. For 100$ you only pay 20$ for the season pass.In comparison I paid 129$ only for BF1 Campaign and Multiplayer and the Season pass. ---Infinite Warfare:- The Campaign is really good gameplay wise. The story background is not as well written as usual, but it is a lot of fun.- Space combat is exceptionally well made, I expected purely on rails shooting but thats not the case at all- No coop for the campaign this year. - The multiplayer is a hit or miss. Some maps are just very poorly designed and bland, others are good and on those the game plays actually well.- All in all is the multiplayer not as good as usuall- Severe lack of weapons, IW nearly pulled a Battlefield 1 here, and there are extremely little weapons this year and that is a big dissapointment and heavily limits longevity.- Aim in general is extremely direct this year, a clear improvement I have to say.- Performance is good on IW for me, although there is currently a CAP at 91 FPS which needs to be fixed.- Zombies seems like very good fun and its full to the brim with features and things you can do, very well made. Modern Warfare Remastered:- Not much to say here, it is what you expect but at many maps the performance is abysmal.This seems to be no underlaying design flaw but a bug that can be fixed. On certain maps the FPS drops to < 20 FPS, making it often unplayable. Aside it looks good and is what you expect. All in all, when the performance for MWR is fixed, its a extremely good value proposition.Even if you completely avoid IW Multiplayer, the Campaign and Zombies mode is very good and for 80$ you get insane amounts of playtime.
Multiplayer is chaotic, but much tighter and thought out than Black ops 3.The OP shotguns from black ops 3 were fixed by basically making shotguns worthless.Scorestreaks are a little less ridiculous which is nice, the game runs very stable.I had some performance issues with cod4 remaster, but nothing serious.Some people have reported that the servers are laggy, I haven't noticed any myself but your experience may vary based on internet speed and where you live (duh).It did anal my sound card when I changed the refresh rate for reasons unknown, luckily I use and external sound card so I could just plug it in and out, but you may have to restart your computer as a result.Other than that, it's very stable with minimal frame drops.The lobby system is dreadful, but atleast you get a minute to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥between matches.A good day 1 game, and a very fun multiplayer.Haven't been able to play Zombies yet since no one seems interested enough to play it online.
Wow, zombies is cool :)
When I first bought this game, I was skeptical. Then I played it. The last few COD games were♥♥♥♥♥♥out, and not too great. This game, however, is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun. It took some getting used to, but its high speed, high intensity, and fun as hell. I recommend it.
поиграл 7 часов, закинул30 потраченых баксов из 30
Just a little bit of background info about how I felt about the other Cod games.1 - Liked2 - Liked3 - DislikedMW - Liked, never got into the multiplayer on itWAW - DislikedMW2 - Loved and favourite singleplayer and co-opBO - Loved all modesMW3 - DislikedBO2 - Probably my favourite multiplayer one and zombiesGhosts - GarbageAW - GarbageBO3 - Really liked the mulitplayer, rest was ok.I bought this (at a massive discount btw) based solely on my enjoyable experience with the BO3 multiplayer and it has been a very so-so experience so far.SINGLEPLAYER - It's just simply rubbish, it's the exact same game that is released every year. They have tried to add this sort of Mass Effect 2 mechanic (Cheeky sods even have similar background music) but the problem is the gameplay has not changed at all. I started on the hardest dificulty and after cheaply dying a few times I figured I'd knock it down a few notches and just swiftly play through the game on regular, let me just tell you this game is an absolute joke, you can simply run past entire groups of enemies and your 2-3 man squad will catch up and wipe them all out meaning you don't even have to really do anything. You get to a point where you choose what missions you want to do and I choose a stealth one which was hilariously bad, I had a massive pile of enemies on this second floor area, other guards saw them and did nothing. The other thing is you are fighting a lot of robots which I'm just not into that.ZOMBIES - The first game brought a smile to my face, loads of 80s music playing and references which I love and I thought it was a new sort of zombie mode. It's not, it's the same reskinned zombie game from the past few years, it's the same tired gameplay mechanics as all the others, yes the area is big and has some quite nice surprises (Roller coaster target practice + new mechanic for reviving which is really nice!) but your character for example cant really jump or climb over objects which is just horrible. They should make a really fluid movement zombie mode.MULTIPLAYER - This is the exact same multiplayer as BO3 with new maps. It's fast paced running, jumping and gunning mayhem. Team play actually means every man for himself, there are no tactcs or team work just kill kill kill and F everyone else in the game. It's just mindless fun, you pick it up for 10 mins have a game and thats it. I've been really loving the BF1 Operations gamemode, I think it's one of the best gamemodes I've ever played before but the problem is it easily takes 40 mins for a game, I had one last 2 hours before. The maps themselves are hit and miss, some set in space are bland foundry types, some set on Earth are a lot of fun and then there is this small one (not sure of the name) which is just insanity, you literally spawn infront of enemies as there is just no space on the map, Do I recomend this game? If you like COD mulitplayer then yes you will like this one, to everyone else wait for a sale or free weekend.Oh just to add I'm running on a 6700K and 1070 and can run it in 4K ultra no problems.
It runs fantastic on my 1070. The story is engrossing enough if you liked Modern and Advanced Warfare. The controls are easy to get to grips with and there are some jaw dropping moments. I got the Legacy Editiion with the Modern Warfare Remaster and am happy to relive the experience again.
+Well optimised (can't believe Infinity Ward)+Good, well designed maps+Good zombies+fov slider up to 120+Dynamic movement system, toned down in compared to black ops 3. I don't care is cod boots on the ground or not, as long as core of the game is good, is solid and dynamic, cod will be good for me.-FPS cap to 91-No ranked playlist-No ping counters
"Time to raise the black flag and start cutting some throats"I just love Fleet Week !!!9 Hours out of a campaign ... A really good campaign well worth the $60
I enjoyed the Single player campaine, there are a few graphical clitches and bug, but if you can look passed it the story can keep you intertained.
Its call of duty in space. About all you need to know. Still really awesome tho.
I get CoD for the zombies so im pretty happy with the game already but from what ive seen of the campaign looks pretty sweet, im sure the multiplayer will be the same hack fest as previous CoD's tho
A little too awesome hahaha am i right guys hehe no ok ok
Best zombie map since Bo1 In my opinion and its pretty awesome !The MP I HATE the Core version, the hardcore is.. ♥♥♥♥ing hardcore compare to many other CoD And I like it.. I DONT dislike it. But I dont Over love it.The campain look amazing, Ill edit that after playing it.. But Everybody say its the best campain of CoD to date !
There are too many frustrating problems in this game. If those problems weren't solved in the future, this game would soon die. Please let us adjust the resolution in windows mode. Please change the host system back to the previous one. Please fix the bug that stop me from completing Burn Water in Campaign mode. Please fix everything so that I can play this game.Now the game is better, but I think it is still dying. I hope IW could add Squad mode into the game so that I can rank up by playing with bots. If there is a Squad mode, I feel like this is a great game.I think this game can be called a good COD in August 2017. However, it has already been 10 months since this game released. If all the good features like the quartermaster hack system and zombie bounty system could be added even at the release of the dlc 1, there must be a lot more player playing this game.So maybe I should add something about what I am still discontent about this game. The most frustrating thing is that there is no traditional DMR like the Mk14 in MW series. DMRs used to have their own class back in Ghosts. IF there is ANY new weapon in the future, PLEASE be a DMR.Well it is already december 2018. Now I think IW at least has the best supply drop system. I spent 0 money and I have almost got all the weapon variants. I want to add this because BO4 is super super frustrating.
This game is good. Suck my♥♥♥♥♥ MP and Campaign both flick my nipples the right way.EDIT: No one is playing.
outstanding graphics , epic gameplay . best one yet
*NEW | 4K | GTX 1060:GTX 1060 | Ultra Settings | Single Player Campaign:GTX 1060 | Ultra Settings | Zombies Mode:My Thoughts:One of the better COD campaigns to date.Game Details:You play as Captain Reyes, a pilot turned Commander, who must lead the remaining coalition forces against a relentless, fanatical enemy, while trying to overcome the deadly, extreme environments of space.
Finding Multiplayer a bit hard for some reason, but either way, it's a great game.
Buy it for the Zombie Mode when on sale.
Its a good game period...
(Will update when more hours played)I have bought all CODs (and Battlefields), except Black Ops III, and starting from MW2 I have hundreds of hours on each one.We as players were getting angrier and more hopeless with each new release because Activision does not listen to the players. Games were being released, and each time players had their own reason to complain, but in my opinion, this game does not get the credit it deserves. I believe this is the best one yet (based on my own criteria of course).This game is not even closely related to Battlefield and should attract a different playerbase. The information you can find on the internet about this does not represent the opnion of individuals. It represents the opinion of only a few, and the rest will just agree without having enough experience and arguments.Pros:- Call of Duty is finally getting skill based. It's not a spray 'n pray anymore. Explosives are balanced. Grenade launchers as a weapon attachment are not available. Campers usually get punished. Jumping at the right time is advised to evade bullets. Targetting people is hard in this fast paced game.- The progression system is implemented very well in my opinion, and all is done to make you come back every time for more. The amount of personalization is insane. LOTS of weapons. Tons of badges and callcards (MP) and fortune cards (zombies) to unlock. There are also quite alot of SCOREstreaks. These are hard to get and balanced.Custom weapon (with perks) can be unlocked with either boxes, or salvage. You get keys naturally after each game. These keys can be used to open boxes. Each time three items (weapon, callcard etc.) of possibly different rarity will unlock.Most importantly: keys carry over between zombie and multiplayer mode!- The graphics are beautiful. There's not more to say about this. The lighting effects and postprocessing are better than ever before. The game is fairly well optimized, and SLI is supported.- Zombies are tons of fun, but not easy. It will probably require some time before you know the entire maps and all the items and perks. Dying is now not permanent anymore, and as long as another teammate lives you can ress. after a while. by playing arcade games :).Cons:- Technical issues that people experience either only happen once or are system-specific.Problems I experienced so far: Can't use second monitor while playing fullscreen.Some random crashes.- Matchmaking in Zombies is a problem. You have to wait a very long time before being able to play.- The campaign is pretty good, but not great. This ofcourse is my opinion, and experiences with the campign have always been divided.- Modern Wafare remasted is not available as a stanalone purchase. This will probably change in the future. Aside from the amazing graphics and some minor changes in multiplayer not much changes here. Check the store page of this game for the best reviews.All in all this is a good game, and it will probably be even better after a few patches.
This isn't a game changer for COD but if your a fan of the blacks op 3 and advanced warfare it's more of the same, which for me is great.Visually this game has had a lot of flack, but everything turned up it looks pretty good, albeit it's no battlefield 1.Not played zombie mode yet, but campaign and multi-player so far I'm impressed.
The game is pretty much a combination of AW crates +  BO3 movement system + BO2 sized maps. The game is running stable 90-80 FPS @ max settings on 1440P with a R9 fury / i7 6700. I am fortunate enough to not have encountered any problems, except a slower than usual matchmaking system.
Pro: CoD games , i enjoyed blops3 and im enjoying this Cons: MW remastered not being included in normal version , UAVs being the lower killstreak available ....Im recommending with caution , this is a call of duty game set in the future , those that are stuck in the past wont enjoy this imo
In its simplicity its a good game, It has a good story, runs 60 fps, gameplay is nice and fluent and i had 0 Crashes. Also i dont have anything against the near future setting it actually feels awesome. Overall Im happy with my purchase and dont regret it.
MP sucks donkeys balls SP is awesome tho, remaster is a bit sluttering even with GTX 1080 :S so yeah hope  they will adress this issue in a patch.7/10 .. BO3 was better tho
Bought this game July,20Took me 2.5 days to download IW(I began on the pre-load day)Still downloading MWRNot bad but .AND...
Bought this game July,20Took me 2.5 days to download IW(I began on the pre-load day)Still downloading MWRNot bad but .AND...
Does that make you feel  cool to hate on this game ?
Another year, another pew pew.
in the beginning i got it for remasterd like most people but i found this game to be quite fun and accually better than i expected
It's good.
The multiplayer is decent, it feels like a mix of mw2 and ghosts just with some added movement. and the campaign is actually really good.
i would say its a good game because no game can be bad, thats because there is always room for improvements so you can never call a new game bad wait till its done whit all its updates etc and then you can call it bad if you dont like the improvements they have done dont haste youre conclusion. 10/10 now i just need to buy remastered and battlefield 1
Pleasently surprised.Run's so much better than the CoD of last year.I purchased this mainly for the remaster but thought i'd give the multiplayer a try, liked it a lot more than i thought i would.
Great game!Campaing is awesome - Much much better than BF1Multiplayer requieres some skill - Quake reminder for me.
I thoroughly recommend this game. The combat was a blast, the graphics look amazing and the levels were awesome. Already sunk more hours than I'm proud of into multiplayer.I don't know if I'll even be bothered launching that stupid space scifi thing they bundled with it though. I'm a big fan of contemporary shooters and I think they should have stuck with that but I suppose they have to do something to justify the $80 pricetag...
the game is very smooth to run more than bo3 and if you are not sure if you should buy it you should
Alright, review time. I'll keep this as short as possible while trying to address a variety of things without skimping on detail (keeping in mind that it's release day I've only sunk a few hours into private matches with a friend so far and am yet to touch campaign, zombies or online play):GAMEPLAY: It's Call of Duty. If you're new to the franchise, then you'll be in for some finely-tuned first person shooting with customizable classes and advanced movement such as wall-running and double-jumping. If you've played some of the older titles, the best description of how the engine handles would be to say that it's like if "Ghosts" had "Black Ops 3"'s jetpack. There are a host of new features, as with every installment in the frachise, but for the most part they're overshadowed by the community and the game is just seen as another excuse to get more maps to play in multiplayer and a new campaign to play.ENGINE: This is one of the finest releases to date. The previous three releases have all been severely problematic for me upon release. Usually I see things like memory leaks, servere connectivity issues or game-breaking glitches the moment I'm in and grow frustrated with the fact I'd pre-ordered for all this trouble. This release is completely different. I wasn't excited this time around - I was wary. I set aside a couple of hours for troubleshooting, fully expecting to have to reconfigure some hardware, reinstall a driver or patch a config file to get the game to run but that wasn't the case at all. My friend and I played together for three hours and the game didn't crash once, didn't have any unexpected errors and run beautifully. If there were any connectivity issues or any lag spikes, we didn't notice (whereas Black Ops 3 is almost unplayable lately because of similar problems). REQUIREMENTS: I will say the requirements for this game are HIGH. I'd honestly recommend higher than what is suggested on the store page. I'm running a GTX1080 and was at the frame rate cap of 91fps for the entire game at 1440p, with everything on the highest settings. If I flicked it up to 4K, I started to drop into the 75 range. 5K yielded a frame rate in the 40-70 range. My friend was running a GTX750M, and despite turning all the settings down and putting the resolution on the lowest possible setting, he could only get an average of about 30fps. If your card is not in the range between these two, you'll likely have some difficulty making the game playable. Specfically, the 750M was playable - but not pleasant. This isn't a fault with the game though, this is just an advancement in technology that a lot of users in reviews seem to be not understanding, expecting older cards that could play other titles fine to be able to play this title to the same extent.PROBLEMS: A lot of users are leaving harsh, angry reviews in the review section and without being too harsh towards the community (it's already negative enough as it is), most of the problems are on their side of the field, not the developers. As I've previously mentioned, the game has HIGH requirements. Your top-end gaming PC from three years ago is no longer a top-end gaming PC and a lot of people aren't yet accepting that fact. If you've got a card with less than 4gb of VRAM and have set any of the cache maps to ON, then your game WILL stutter and your textures will look muddy, washed out, and all kinds of terrible. Similarily, if you've got a card that could play DOOM on high settings - there's no guarantee that it can run this game on the same settings. A lot of users are just writing angry, illiterate abuse because their game isn't running on crazy settings when there's no reason it should be. The best bet is to turn everything down and see how it runs and then work your way up. See what kind of impact each option has. Textures, for instance, uses a lot of VRAM and can cause hitching but will have little-to-no effect on your frame rate. Render Resolution, however, will have a lot less of a VRAM impact but will have a severe impact on performance and frame rate. It's why these options are available - for users to be able to cater what they want prioritized and modify their visual experience to match both their expectations and their rig. I don't mean to belittle those with actual problems though, no game is without glitches and my experience is not your experience. Just be wary reading the angry reviews written along the lines of "GAME IS F***INGâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥I only got 12fps, I have a GTX960 I should be able to max this". These people do not know what they're talking about.FINAL WORDS: This game got a lot of hate before it was released and I completely understand why. I joked with a few friends last year making a comment about how the franchise had moved forward in time from past wars, to modern wars, to the future and said "What's next? Call of Duty: Space?". I honestly couldn't believe it when they announced it, my terrible joke was becoming a reality. That being said, this game is best seen as a refinement and a beautiful addition to the series. It takes what Black Ops 3 should have been, and amplifies it. After just a few hours of playing, all my doubts were proven to be worry over nothing. There aren't as many customizations and options as I'd like and some of the maps are pretty bland, but to have an installment in this franchise work so well on release date and to have an engine that has finally found the perfect balance between traditional first person shooting and advanced movement is an absolute blessing.If you've had any doubts about buying this game, I hope this has cleared something up.
Well optimized game, Looks amazing! adn the gameplay is smooth. Goodjob and i love the load outs. Can't wait for more to come to the game! :D i recommend this game.
Great game!More challenging than Bo3 and its actually more "boots on the ground"'  then bo3. Played it from about 10 am untill 2 pm straight! Multi player will be challenging in the start but as you unlock gear (pretty fast) you will get better scores.The game is ofcource not perfect yet but im sure they will patch it after they have all the data they need.pro's:Hit detectionTime to killWeapons diversetyMapscan't chat in lobbyCon's:Some time s the spawns are wierd ( but they know this and are working on it)Core some times feels like hardcoreCan`t see pingCan`t chat in lobbyI recomend buying this game, try it for a few hours and i'm sure you will like it.
I don't get why this gets alot of hate it is a great game. Why I say this is because the campaign is brilliant, the multiplayer is fast paced action. The zombies yeh, may be ♥♥♥♥ing awful.
This game works perfectly for me 16gb ram; i7 and gtx970. But to me somehow the gameplay doesn't feel smooth. Just take a smg and run around. And still it feels like you're a robot (even when you're not that char). I bought it together with the remaster. I truly hope the remaster will flatter me more, because this game is fun don't get me wrong but not my cup of tea. Not sure if I'll play even 60h on multiplayer...
The game feels like black ops 3 and is just as fun to play.
Hey everyone that reads this, The game isn't as bad as people say it is apart from the optimisation. its fun to run around with a laser gun in multiplayer and zombies has lots of new things about it to learn about. I refunded the game because of the terrable optimisation and because no one plays it because people dont have their own opinion and like to listen to other youtubers.This game has potental if they fix the optimisation and if people stop complaining and play it for more than an hour.TRY IT!
I thought it was going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥bought and its amazingif your having crashes then add infinite warfare to the exception list in your antivirus programdont give it a not recommended jsut because you havnt researched anything
One thing that's always bothered me about these reviews is a lot of people with poor spec rigs negatively review a game they can't play.... there for shouldn't review. Get a refund if you can't play the game, game development is constantly moving at an unprecedented rate so don’t give me this "ur ma gerd! i can play witcher 3 but i cant play this wtf fam!" BS. Incidentally i am fortunate to own a rig that plays this game beautiful and as such can rate this game fairly. This game is brilliant. Call of Duty ghost sort of ended my love affair with he cod series for quite some time, to the point i had originally chose to ignore this release and stick with my battlefield 1. Boy am i glad i bought it, the single player campaign alone is so epic in scale, action and story, it feels like you're participating in a summer block buster movie. There was a moment where i was running through streets with space ships falling out of the damn sky and buildings exploding and i just thought "nice..." the game gives me the call of duty of old feeling. Kudos Infinity Ward.
Game is so well optimized and so fast to load.Same movements as BO3, same weapon upgrades, Nothing much new to learn which is how I like it :D
MWRruns great!980 tii7 6700k32bg ram
◆ เนื้อเรื่องสุดยอด◆ ฉากอลังการมาก◆ เกมเพลกลิ่นอาย MW2◆ มี Side mission ให้ทำ เกมแรกของซี่รี่ย์เลยมั่ง◆ ขำ Ethan มีหยอดมุขนิดๆ◆ ช่วงเอนเครติดมีข้อความคำสั่งเสียพวกที่ตาย คมมาก◆ 10/10 !
VERY GOOD.... BETTER THEN ADVANCED WAR... GRAPIC LOOK PRETTY GOOD .. JUST A BIT LAG SOMETIMES. BUT ITS OK.  MOST TIME 60FPS...NICE BOOM BOOM BOOM...JUST FINISH CHAPTER 2... SOLO GAME STILL HIGH QUIALTY I THOUGHT... NOT BAD AT THIS TIME.I HAVENT PLAY MP. SO I DUNNO..RECOMMEND IT. BETTER THAN COD.MW. REMASTERD. (SRSLY. 100%)
I don`t understand why whole community hate this game cuz she looks like pretty good!Singl Player like 3D film, good optimization, dinamic etc.multyplayer looks too good, more better then BO 3 ( idk about maps, cuz i pref sniper mode, but these maps so bad for this)In order, game is awesome!
Good port. It's running better than Black Ops 3. 80 ~125FPS on ultra 1080p resolution. i7 6700k, 980ti Xtreme, 32GB RAM.
If you ever just wanted to feel like a complete and total bad♥♥♥♥♥I would buy this game just for the campaign. All the sh*t people are giving this game due to multiplayer is understandable but you can't give a bad review till you played the campaign. I hear a lot of issues about performance on multiplayer, but singleplayer campaign runs as smooth as butter and looks very pretty. In conclusion, the singleplayer is enjoyable enough to pay 60$.
If you ever just wanted to feel like a complete and total bad♥♥♥♥♥I would buy this game just for the campaign. All the sh*t people are giving this game due to multiplayer is understandable but you can't give a bad review till you played the campaign. I hear a lot of issues about performance on multiplayer, but singleplayer campaign runs as smooth as butter and looks very pretty. In conclusion, the singleplayer is enjoyable enough to pay 60$.
Campaign - surprisingly well done. Not the overarching story - that's still just nonsense (Evil Spacemen come to do evil things because EVIL!) - but the characters written around the main plot, the dialogue and the missions themselves are well done. This is the first COD game in a while in which I cared even a little about the characters. It's a little lengthier than previous campaigns as well - roughly 6~7 hours if you do everything. That's about 1 or 2 hours more than usual, which is nice. Multiplayer - not having a great time so far. Seems a little.... dead on the PC? Having trouble finding matches. And sometimes the matches I do get into have this awful stutter going on - it doesn't happen every time, but it happens enough to make some matches borderline unplayable. And it has the problem that many FPS games have these days - your'e going up against 20-something college students with way too much time on their hands who have played COD for a bajillion years and if you're a 30 year old working stiff like me, you're not going to have a good time on the PC. The same damn thing happened with Battlefield as well. Maps also seem a little smallish. It's alright - in fact, it's good. This game feels like the first time Infinity ward actually put a lot of effort into it. Shame this also happened to be the game that almost EVERYBODY (including myself) wrote off well before it even came out (in part due to the ridiculous name). If you like the call of duty campaigns, then go for this one. It's not bad. If you play solely for multiplayer, I'd advise you wait a little - seems there's some technical jank going on which may take a few days to resolve.
One of the coolest and best story i playd since MW. Theres allot of varity like stealth missions and assualt misssons. It's cool you do everything from your space ship before heading out to battle.Multiplayer i feel its overall ok, thuse so far i maybe changing the review on the MP later but as for now it's a very stressfull gameplay for me, it's very fastpaste my eyes can't always keep up due to so fast running and jumping all over, i been playing all of the cod games so i know how the others are that starting with jetpacks and such, but it seems like this game have a very high focus of beeing like super fast gameplay! The guns feels very op, the spraying of all the guns are insane even a pistol can feel like a smg xD Not much variation on the MP maps, some are cool/good.Overall i am very happy about the singleplayer, thus far the greatest in a long time! Multiplayer is fastpaste action with a big focus of beeing and going very fast, not long til end of match due to fast running and shooting with many of the maps beeing very small.The story i give 10/10 Multiplayer a 8/10.As for the remaster version it's superb! Haven't gotten into MP of that game yet, but i will and i am pretty sure i will love it like i did the first time i playd it.That game i give a 10/10..! <3
For once, in a long time, the sp campaign is I knockout both in content and execution. By Sherman, you say, who plays call of duty for singleplayer? And to that I answer: pretty much no one. But I do, I can't stand the multiplayer in most if not all call of duty games. And this one is no different. But the campaign is great. It has a vaguely mass effect feel to it and allows for more freedom than previous installments regarding how you approach missions. And the best part, they're fun. Zombies is great too. I haven't played zombies since black ops 1 so what I can tell you is that it's a whole lot better than that. Much more in depth that it used to be. Zombies seem to be better balanced as well. So if you just want to play multiplayer, sucks for you but hey I'm not your mom you do you bbyEdit: finished campaign unlocked new bonus difficulty which is generally fun spoilers ahead i guess.The campaign plays out like if everything in mass effect 2 and three went horribly wrong, where you watch your brothers and sisters in arms die horrible, gruesome deaths and then watch your prick adversary gloat about it. this is a level of passion and dedication i've never really felt in a call of duty game. really this is one of the best ones out there with a top notch, if not a tad bit short singleplayer experience.the bonus difficulties are great, but the way they're implemented is not. let me explain, call of duty loves to throw you into hair raising action sequences where bullets fly all around all the time. unfortunately with the specialist difficulty (where limb damage, helmet damage, and inventory are all a thing) you will often emerge from a cutscene to be instakilled by call of duty ai's infamous laser-accuracy because you havent gone through the animation of putting your helmet on (which you have no control over) where you will die and restart and die and restart over and over. the game will throw you into circumstances that were never meant to be played with this sort of difficulty. fortunately you can just pick and choose the miisions you want to replay instead of endlessly looping from constant death.
Great Call of Duty game.Ill do a brief breakdown of the three game modes.Multiplayer is still a twitch shooting gallery with seemingly no skill. Zombies is a lot of fun as usual. But this time around it has an 80's style with the first map. Definitely unique to the series as far as a theme goes. Lastly, the campaign. The sole reason I stilll buy Call of Duty. And I must say, that this is one of the best Call of Duty campaigns I have played in a while.  Worth the price of admission on its own.
Runs flawlessly, not had any problems on campaign, multiplayer or zombies.
Good. Runs perfectly on my 970GTX at 1080 with setting at high/max. Fun campaign. Villian knows nothing. Individual missions hold their own. Protagonists well developed. Multiplayer a ♥♥♥♥♥torm.
Campaign was really good out of the recent cods, impressive graphics and cutscenes, memorable characters and a good story.pvp is a♥♥♥♥♥♥hole worse
I dont understand why there is soo much hate in the reviews. Game is just running perfectly fine on my GTX 1070 with 130% reder resolution (2k) at 90 FPS capped. Little slower paced than BLOPS 3 which i'm happy about ! level design and game design is very creative and enjoyable. Graphically it may not be as great as BF1 but hey every game has its own flavour and strenghts ! just stop the hate and enjoy what is there. If you are still not happy with the purchase, steam refund is your option ! Happy gaming yall :)
love it and hate COD4 :)
A game that has been a lot hated but it isn't that bad. I love the ability of the power fly and the weapons are also nice. I can only recommend this game.
Reasons for purchasing this game...Fan Boy : NoStory : No Gameplay : NoMultiplayer : NoRemastered MW : No10 Year old Kid : NoZombies : NoFuturistic Shooter : NoBattlefield Hater : Hell NoToo Much Money to throw : NoGift : NoTo Sell : Yep ! because I got the Deluxe verision for 1/4 the price. ( don't ask how)So why move the gift to my library?No one wants to buy this from me even at half the price . So why recommend it ? I thought to give this game a try and guess what, not playing any of the COD games for a long time is good thing. You suddenly realize Activision still makes COD with a good story.The futuristic setup and the awesome story comes pretty close to the StarTrek  movies. I was impressed with the way Activision has handled the space warfare setup.The voice acting and music is also very well done. So yes I liked playing the SP storyline.Now I also got the remastered version in the same price.So If I paid 1/4 price for just the good story,I am sorry two good stories, my purchase is justifed.  So I change two things aboveStory : YesRemastered MW : YesVerdict : Call of Duty still excels at creating games with great stories and that has always been the selling point for me. So buy this game during the sale when it is reasonably cheap. Now I know Activision never lowers the price as much as the other developers do. But next time when a guy tries to sell a COD for 1\2 the price don't reject it.PS :I wish Activision would just sell the story mode for lower price.
Literally only cared about Campaign.Campaign is very, very good and took me about 7 and 1/2 hours to complete. If you're looking for a nice singleplayer experience and you've got money to blow, go for it. It's pretty fun.MP is probably♥♥♥♥♥♥ Zombies is probably♥♥♥♥♥♥ COD4 Remastered is kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
very well ported. story is actually kinda nice with the settin too. honestly if it wasnt for bots this would not be awesome but it does so multiplayer is actually pretty fun and by far the fastest. smooth and silky man. and fun. just needs more support from activision and that cross play and it be perfect. its like takin advanced warfare and blops 3 and a lil modern warfare polish to it. remaster looks amazin. im not even a hard core fan im an experienced player and actually like it. dont fall for the hate train. i have battlefield 1 and titanfall 2 also. each have their pros and cons. 3 way tie between all of em honestly so well done on all fronts here. wana know what sucks? no damn boost slam thou or hooks. love that in advanced warfare and titanfall 2
After 9.1 hours into this game, 8 hours of which was spent on the Campaign, 30 mins on Zombies, and the rest on the MP, I have to say this game is not worth the $60 AAA price tage. Zombies seems like the same old game mode that Treyarch had perfected, IW just made it 1980s pretty, and added IW guns into the mode, nothing to see here folks. MP is horrendous, the map designers were drunk or someting because every map seems overly small and the design uninspring, crates seem like PTW fisaco, and keys are a hassle to save up and obtain, GUNs are all either OP or UP, and because the maps are so small , youll likely die and die and die from spawning and also by the fact that the maps are miny. In conclusion, the Campaign for this game has been one of the best COD campaigns in recent years. If you take the crap that was ghost or the WTF campaign that was BOIII, or the AW campaign that was IW, they all were ok. Now "Everyone including myself believe that IW's campaign is probadly one of the best narrated and produced campaigns by IW. Id say its greeat because it has great character development and story, that no matter what mission you end up undergoing, everyone on your ship is inportant and you actually care if they live or die. MW series was good, but the story started to drag and the severity of WWIII wasnt really as terrifying as it should have been. They potrayed the end of Humanity in this game much much better"
I normally don't write reviews for games, but this particular game needs to have some things cleared up. First off, I can only speak from my experience in playing the game. That being said, I have played it on two different computers:An asus laptop with a gt 750m gpu and a 4th gen i7 mobile processorand my desktop, which has an i7-4770k processor, 16gb ram, and a gtx 980ti.Overall, The performance on my desktop is fantastic at 1080p with settings maxed. I have not experienced any FPS drops or crashes through my time in the campaign or in multiplayer. On my laptop, and understandably so, the performance was crappy. Thats not because of the game, thats because my laptop is crappy for gaming. My time in multiplayer was exclusively in custom game with a friend against bots, to I can't speak for the connection to other players, but I never got disconnected from the server save for when my friends internet dropped out (was at his place playing).Now to get into the gameplay. Its call of duty, and as such it plays like a call of duty game. You run around and shoot stuff (in my case, bots). Its nothing groundbreaking, but its not aweful (at least not for me). Its what black ops 3 should have been.The campaign for this game is actually good. I started it thinking "here come another campaign that takes a back seat to the multiplayer because its gonna be boring and uninspired", but that preconception was proven to be wrong. It has so far (I estimate I'm maybe a quarter through it) turned out to be an engaging experience, which I haven't had with a COD game since MW3. The Characters are decent and theres a talking robot who is a smartass. The space combat is done well enough that it provides a pleasant experience in between the standard run a gun missions.Overall, I'd recommend this game.TL;DR-MP plays like a call of duty game-Campaign is so far a decent experience-I have not personally experienced any bugs or crashes-Would recommend-Need decent PC-Better than the previous two iterations8/10 as far as COD games go, 5-6/10 if being judged against a game like DOOM. If you are specifically looking for a good COD game, get it. If you're looking for a game you can play for half an hour against bots, get it. People are dumping on it for the sake of dumping on it in many cases, the only real way to know if it is good is to play it and find out.
The story is a a lot better than ghost in terms of logics, but still building up story by character's deaths is not quite effective this time comparing to soap and ghost's death. MP is fun and more boots on the ground than BO3; booster pack are fairly clumsy and people don't run as fast as they do in BO3. I have a gtx1070 + i5 6500 with windows 10 and have no issues regarding frame rates. Cards and cpus usage are lower comparing to BO3 and no stuttering. I don't understand how can two 980 or other high end cards cannot run this game smoothly. You pick the game, don't let others pick it for you.
Exceeded expectations with both campaign visuals and multiplayer reliability. I am enjoying this game.
is ok
I haven't purchased a COD in years and i'm glad i did this year the zombies are great the multiplayer is mostly the same as the others which is expected and last the campaign was awesome so all in all i would say 8/10.
It's k.
Overall, it's a nice refreshing new twist for the Call of Duty Franchise that's been long over due.  Is it perfect?  No.  I suspect my background of serving in the US Navy is playing into things, but there were bits and pieces that didn't strike me as /quite/ right.  Little things here and there - things that I believe were put in place to tell a narrative more than anything.  Quite frankly however, those gripes are pretty minor - it's fiction... and decent Science Fiction at that.  If anything this felt more 'BattleStar Galactica' than like the Fleet I served in... and that's OK.I actually enjoyed spending time wandering the cooridors of the Retribution when and where I was able... things here and there brought back memories of my time in the Fleet and some of the attention to detail brought small smiles to my face. The combat... pretty bog-standard for the franchise.  The narrative however, that is not bad.  Not bad at all and winsa gold star from me for the attempt and willingness to break the mold.  I'm /NOT/ into Call of Duty for the Multiplayer or other modes.  If I want Multi-player, I'll go play Battlefield nonsense for mindless shooting.  I'm here to be entertained and after a couple hours of play it has certainly done that.  I like where this is going and headed and will be quite interested to see how the story pans out as I progress through the campaign.EA, Activision... Good work.  Bravo Zulu for being willing to take a risk - I think this one has thus far panned out.[Edit 1] Having now completed the Campaign,  I can say my initial impressions held up. The campaign told a good story, and was captivating all the way through.  Well done - worth it unto itself.
the story was amazing, multiplayer was meh, 7/10 :) one of the best story in recent cods, worthy of being standalone for sure!
I love the campaign but hate the multiplayer, although wish Kit Harrington was in it for more than 10 minutes on screen...... that kinda sucked :(Call of duty was always a thing for me when it comes to the story, I love the campaigns, the only ones I didn't enjoy was BO 2,3 and ghosts.....If you love the story then buy it, if you buy it for the multiplayer then may I suggest you go and play titanfall 2 and battlefield 1 instead, they have much better multiplayers.
This game isnt as bad as everyone is making it out to be, sure its been out for almost 2 days now and has some bugs anyone who pre-orders or buys a launch  day game knows theres going to be bugs. Zombies is great so far love the 80s theme, the guns are great, the story i couldnt say as of yet i never really pay much attention to them lol, Multiplayer is typical for cod with decent maps and a few good guns for every type of player. It does take a minite to tweek the graghics settings so you dont have the problems others are having but if you take the time to figure it out rather than b##ch Pi** and moan about it, the game is actualy good
Titanfall 2 has this plus TITANS. It's so cool, big mechs that you control to kill everyone. If you haven't played it, you should. I've played all the FPS games and I can now finally say that Titanfall 2 has won. BF1 is terrible (yes i've played it and returned it). CoD IW is good but it's the same old same old. The same experience as the last of them. So I'll let you be the judge of what you want: Titanfall 2 or CoD IW.P.S. you should get Titanfall 2.
Well to start off, i dont know why there is so much hate over this game, it really just seems it got a hate bandwagon due to the fact they went againsts fans and made if another sci-fi boots off the ground game which i see why people are mad about it, but if you actually give this a chance or even delay your purchase (as yes there are problems with the pc port, but i have a gtx 980 and run max settings smoothly at 90fps) you will see that this game is actually quite good it feels great to play and the multiplayer is enjoyable and great to play and the only real thing that is annoying is some weapons are quite overpowered which they will most likely patch in the near future. To compare it to the latest cod, bo3, i really do think that Infinite warefare beats it in movement, guns and the overall feel of the game.All in all i give IW 9/10
god damn this game just gets me so erect i get those feeds my ♥♥♥♥♥ come at me lol also andre a sexy ♥♥♥♥♥
great game.F#ck the haters.
great game.F#ck the haters.
I personally have had no issues apart from initial start up but Campaign and Multiplayer both working fine, few bits of lag nothing major.
Honestly is not a bad game, I got titanfall2, Battlefield1 and Innfinite Warfare, This is not close to batthefield1, DICE really made a top quality game, but this game is still solid,The single Player is better than the multiplayer, campaign is cool. Multiplayer same as the last game. I recomend this game if you are a COD fan.
I like it so far, even the remaster. I think they're at equal terms, IW has more to offer.They finally got space combat correct.Good job fellas.
Loving the story so far, the side quests are fun with actual different tactics and variant of on. I'm still early on in it but so far good, playing on veteran is a fair bit of a challenge but keeps me engaged and plan. haven’t played online yet and will wait to review that when me and my buddy play it, the movement is a bit slower then BO3 but to be expected I guess since I hear people argue that they want more "boots on the group action" and another half now want "boots off the ground action". Looks sick in triple screen, but my GTX 1070 dips down just bellow 60 at max graphics some times, and the cut scenes are REALLY not meant to be in triple screen as it looks like fat midgets arguing, wish they planned ahead and made black borders for them, but who know maybe a fix will come along. So, ill just play single screen for my frames sake even though it hovers around 50-80fps and cut scenes, and some stretching of UI, so single screen I’m well over 100fps so that’s good.Everything else loads fine and plays fine so no complaints there.I'm not the biggest fan of cod games over all but hey its been fun, and had lots of fun online with BO3 so I can see getting use to this one can be tough, especially with different companies in charge and different view on marketing concepts but will see. This would be a review in progress, and I will try to remember to update it.
This game is much better than the trailer shows....
As much as everyone is hating on it... I personally love it, so heres my rundown so far...Overall Gameplay:-Feels like BO3-Some cool weapons-I personally didn't have any issues running the game... My textures and everything are set to the highest and it runs smooth. IW Campain:-It's a CoD Campain but I like the approach it takes-Interesting Characters in my opinionMultiplayer:-There are Server issues at the moment but that is something that will obviously be fixed-Supply Drops return but I don't mind-Create a Class available from the start is pretty cool tbhZombies (My expertise):-Feels A LOT like Treyarch zombies, but less serious... Which I love as it's immediately familiar but it's also a new approach at the same time-I love the concept of the story-Great Atmosphere-The Hoff can fight zombies along side you like dude, thats awesome-Weapon Kits return and I think every weapon from multiplayer is in zombies-In the weapon kits, the new distinct variations are able to be used (An example is being able to use the Ripper variant of the RPR EVO)-Candy Perks that function the same as Treyarch -Clowns are the special rounds-Fun Characters-You CAN actually customize your starting pistol-Pack a Punch returns of course-Fate and Fortune cards are actually really nice and chill compared to the RNG Gobblegums-the "Zombie Crates" are supply drops that replace one of the slots with a Fate and Fortune card pack... And yes, the weapon variants you get from the zombie crates cary over into multiplayer too and vice-versa...Overall Rating Day One: 8.5/10
IW is a good game, very fun and unique ideas, if it was released after nonstop ww2 cods, it would have been a good cod game.So, its a good game, but not a good cod game.
Game is alot of fun. Bought it mainly for zombie mode but have not been able to stop playing Domination. Game is fast paced and honestly the smaller map sizes suit it well. You're not gonna have a good time trying to camp snipe in domination mode with the way maps are setup. I'm honestly shocked at some of these negative reviews. Running on 2 PC's both have 8 gig RAM , AMD FX-8350 , 1 with a GTX 960 and the other with GTX 1070 and have had zero issues on either PC, runs smooth. Zombie mode is full of easter eggs, I mean DJ Hasselhoff, nuff said LOLThe Remake of Modern Warfare was not such a great expierence. The 2 matches I played online were quite laggy and rellay don't see myself playing it again any time soon.
hi nan, this game is good. i haven't touched call of duty in about a year and getting back with infinite warfare reminds me of the old days 360 noscoping fetus's cross the map. don't understand people saying cant run with 10 1080's like negus yo broke butt probably got some integrated graphics like BOII. stfu with the bandwagon and give the game a try.sincerly,doge aka gynecologist
The free game that came wtih Modern Warfare Remastered isn't all that half bad.
So, unlike most of these under 1 hour reviews, ive put in about 3 hours on pc, and 6 on PS4.I did not enjoy Multiplayer. - On PS4On PC this game is a whole different ball game, the movement is fluid, optimization is great (if ur having problems, put it in borderless windowed and cap fps) and because of the speed and accuracy of KB/M, the MP truly shines.Campaign is one of the best in years, and thats to be expected when two lead dev's are ex- naughty dog employees.Zombies is a fun little addition and isnt extremely tedious like BO3.Remaster is literally just cod 4 with new graphics, same old great game.Overall, I'd wait for a sale or price drop on♥♥♥♥♥if you're iffy, but if you genuinely wanna try it go ahead and buy it. worst case scenario is youll have $80 to spend on a different game.
To all those wondering how the game runs, there are 2 pc's in my house with the following specs: (dont hate, the fx rig is my personal rig soon to be upgraded) as far as in game time, this is only showing the fx rig, the other rig has its own account and own game.I have not yet played the remaster so my fps listed is not for both games, but i will update my review later when i do try it out. -The 3 game modes were played one hour each on each system-fx 8320                    16gb ramgtx 970with the game completely maxed out at 1080p all effects as high as they can be, the lowest fps i have had was 56 and an average of 67, the other older rig: phenom x4 810, 8gb ram and an r9 270settings are mixed with low to medium and runs lowest fps of 53 and average of 62.To me, the game seems fairly optimized, and as such, should be able to run fine on most systems in the last few years. so to all those saying that thier 1080's and 1070's are not getting over 60 fps, they are completely wrong and just posting a bad review because its a cod game.As far as the gameplay its self, the game seems pretty decent.Sure its a bit different feeling compared to bo3. However, after playing 3 hours so far on my main rig and messing around on the old rig for a few hours, the game is not as slow as i felt it was the first 5 minutes in. The longer you play, the more you feel the speed and overall mechanics tie in well.The zombies mode, while similar and yet quite different form previous treyarch games, retains most of the core. You have a perk system, points system, powerups, etc. It does have its own feel though and is the main reason getting this game(and also the remaster, more on that in a bit). so far the zombies mode has kept me entertained and will put in more playtime and update the review as i see fit. Overall, most negative reviews that i have seen are due to cod haters and the fact that the mw1 remaster cannot be bought seperatly at this current time. I really hope that they do the right thing and release the game as a seperate purchase. Obviously campaign has not been finished in the 3 hours as of writing this, but was played to get my performance numbers. So at this time i will not comment on my thoughts of the campaign but will edit later when i finish.
cod 4 is #b0ss .. would pay 99.99$ to play cod 4 again10/10
Ignore those haters, game is great. Single player is fantastic but multiplayer is decent.
Infinite warfare is a product of hate. Most people do not give it a chance. This game is not BO3 or titanfall 2 or battlefield 1. This game is infinite warfare. Stop comparing stop bringing it down and give it a chance. This game is like mw2 in space. Mw2 was fun right? Well this is fun af. The wall running and slide is not clunky it just has been slowed down for a slower pace then b03. Which in my opinion was needed. The guns all sound nice there fun to play with. The maps are nice cool maps good spawn points. It's a fun game give it a chance. Its optimzed people who said it it's not do not understand the concept of lowering settings to get it going. Probably trying to run it at 4k who knows. Ive played all of the call of dutys and this one just brings a refreshing take on it. And I quite enjoy it and you will too. Trust me.
The 3 hrs I played the campaign I enjoyed but the mp sucks. Remastered is a nice visual update but also it's mp sucks. Refunded before too much time spent playing. Will wait for a sale. Remastered not worth it unless they fix the mp game setup.
Out of perhaps a million people I might be the only one that enjoys the game.I just finished the campaign mode of the game and I have to say I grew attached to the characters and the main character in various ways. Some to be loving and respectable, and knowing how one crew got to be where they were at the end of the story. The campaign has a good write-up and lovable characters and at the end it has a nice touch of having personal and caring voice-overs whilst the credits play. This can be for character building purposes, or you're just interested on what they are and get stuck to them. Honestly I'm a really sympathetic person and ♥♥♥♥ing ball my eyes out over characters that didn't exist, but honestly that's how the characters were made in my opinion.EDIT (for campaign): I forgot about this major advantage and that is you can chose your own missions. Nothing is set in a straight line and you can do side missions to do whichever and build a story of your own. As far as I'm aware, you can even explore the whole solar system which is great.Personally, I've been running this game smoothly on medium settings on graphics and texture with a GTX770 lightning, which is a 3 year old graphics card and with 2GB of VRAM, and I am proud to say that I am surprised yet glad how optimised this game was. After getting this game from a friend (not the company) I was hoping that it would run smoothly, like other InfinityWard titles and to give me a stable FPS overall. Thankfully it did.People complain quite a bit about the graphics, I personally felt the textures were not a great big deal but I'm not a person to be a phobia over graphics. Some images I've seen with Nintendo 64 graphics, some I've seen (whilst playing) my own graphics on low settings which looks completely fine.Moving on to multiplayer -I feel like Multiplayer is the exact same with Black Ops 3 with its own structure. You get assigned a character, though not specific characters like last time, with special abilities and you unlock more every 6 levels or so. I have to admit that there is a said "unique" system in how you get metal and then be able to purchase different types of weapons with its own perks, but I just use the usual guns themselves and I may eventually get the system somehow. Matchmaking is OK, I find it better than Black Ops 3 but not that far better at the least. I can eventually get a game after 15 minutes in searching but there are team balancing problems which can later get fixed in patches. The maps are set in campaign environment circumstances, which Call of Duty Multiplayer has always had.Zombies is honestly the biggest ripoff I had seen. I feel like InfinityWard and the other creators or studios had been jealous of Treyarch and did a similar thing back in Advanced Warfare and Ghosts with their apocalyptic scenarios, however I do think it's seriously fun in the game. There's a lot of stuff to find that is not easter egg related.Whilst there is a lot of people posting negative comments this game is a total mystery. You may not like it or you may like it, but you have to play it to get your proper review from it. It's like imagining the trailer being a Justin Bieber song. Once you know it's a Justin Bieber song, you (can) hate it automatically. But once you listen to a song without knowing the artist, you don't have a biased opinion based on it. Right?Well, that's what most of the negative opinions are. A load of members here don't even have the game or even had it, they're a bunch of trolls trying to jeopardise marketing because they didn't like the time when it was set, or whatever might have ticked them off.The fan-base is totally biased now with every COD that pops up and honestly it's an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ move trolling the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of forums and jeopardising marketing in general. Overall, I would say read my review thoroughly, but I have to add that I, personally, think the COD community is the thing that has turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥and that the game is good, if you like science fiction. If you like the world war times, this is a bad nono for you, but regardless it's a good game and it's worth trying it out.In addition,if you always believe Steam reviews then you're going to lose a lot of content from your life. A lot of people are biased, just like this Call of Duty game, but what it truly matters is YOUR opinion.In conclusion, I enjoyed it. See whole review for context.
Okay, I have been very much enjoying the game so far. It has had a few issues with launching the Remastered, so I am waiting for a patch. Though for what I was expecting, I am astounded by the game so far. Very fun, much like a Halo game, which I am a big fan of!EDIT: It's been a long while since I've made this review, time to talk about MWRIt's ♥♥♥♥ing awful... Here's what I wrote in my Discord chat just to give you a taste."there are no excuses for the god awful modern warfare remastered optimizationravensoft should be ♥♥♥♥ing sued for false advertisementif i can run almost any recent game on extreme settingsbut get 30fps and less on their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing remakethey shouldn't be ♥♥♥♥ing hired to do this piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if you were considering getting the remastered, get it on a console."Get the base game if you want Infinite Warfare, MWR is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and Ravensoft is the dog who dropped it. The worst part is, they never fixed the game, I had to run in Windows Safe Mode With Networking, run the game, and then restart my computer.
Some people may hate me for saying that, but this game is easily one of the most fun CoDs ive played since MW3. Also ive never been a big fan of Zombies but this year im in love with it.- Multiplayer plays very good, TTK not insane- Perfomance is on point even thou it has a 90 FPS lock (8GB DDR3, 1060, i7 4970K, full specs on profile)- Instant map loading- New Matchmaking is the best ive seen in any CoD- Weapons feel very nice ( I didn't like BO3 weapons much)- Rigs are the Specialists of IW, more choices in terms of Specialist Perks- Weapon varients are not crazy like in AW and fairly easy to get- Supply Drop System is a lot better now, at least at this point- Map layout works great with the movement, I dont hate any map (yet) - Zombies is very Treyarch-like and even better (IMO)- Campaign is very well made and also the best in years (not played till the end yet)I suck at writing any kinds of reviews, i just want to show some points I really like about this game. I won't go too much into detail but i gotta say: I was not hyped for this game at all, I decided to pick it up just to play it with a friend. It was a very pleasent suprise at the end. I dig it. Give it a chance.
Love It! It takes some time to set it up but its great. If you have a black screen or cant load into a game or your game crashes, than you need to make sure your graphics card drivers are up to date and you need to make an exeption to the whole folder in your anti-virus. If you cant do that then disable your anti-virus.
Campaign Only Review! Positive*First COD in a long time that made me give a damn about the characters.*Great varied locations.*Fun action with stealth sections and plenty of space battles.*Permadeath difficulty level.*Decent story that reminds me of Battlestar Galactica.Negative*Kit Harington AKA John Snow.1080GTX / I7-4790K -4Ghz / 32GB Ram (90 -120 FPS)
I like it :PEDIT:After about 3-4 days, I kinda change my mind.I give 5/10 on the maps, there is too many pathways for my taste. I realize it is COD, but you get killed from the back too many times.The rest is good, maybe some weapons / scorestreaks / payloads are too OP.Overall i give 7/10
Good game.
i dont know why this game gets alot a hate but personally i really did enjoy playing it zombies mode is awesome and i can easily get 60fps with gtx960 not sure if there just trolling people not to get this game and saying its a bad port.
love it
I like the story,multiplayer sucks but i got MWR so im coverd.
i am one of the few by the look of it that did not but any upgraded pack for this game i wanted infinite warfare for infinite warfare not for zombies or multiplayer and so i did not get a bundle with modern warfare remastered i have played that and i did not want to again so i did not buy it.From what i have played of the game so far i have found it very enjoyable and i will be critically honest i love games that incorpirate space in some way so my opinion is a bit biased but im willing to admit it.What i like from the game so far is the variety of weapon and the type of weapons there are weapons that are better against certain enemies and i do enjoy that but a energy weapon is not only good against one type of target and vise-versa and that i think is a great way to keep weapons versitile.Now that is not to say i have not had some issues with the game one particular instance is i was playing and the game crashed and i was looking at my stat monitor that im always running and from what i was seeing there was no issue during the crash there was no error the game just shut down.Now i have been hearing people talk about performance issues with the game but this is the only one that i have encountered. but the thing is fps is not my thing  so to be honest unless it drops below 30 anything above 30 seems normal to me to be honest i cant tell the diffrence between 30 and 60 so im in the minority there i think.i have only played the campaign i have not touched the multiplayer or zombies i will be once i am done with the campaign but normaly i really only do play the campaign i dabble in Multiplayer so rarely so even if i did have a opinion it would not be well informed i will update this after i am done with the campaign and have tried the Multiplayer and the zombies mode. i will not be rating this game on  a scale but i do think it has be very enjoyable and worth a buy so i recommend it at this moment
This probably the only cod that im impressed by since black ops 2. the campaign is my favorite since the mw trilogy def a must buy. im less impressed by mw remastered multiplayer because as someone else said its basically cod ghosts with mw design. and i was not a fan of ghosts multiplayer.  havent really tried the campaign for it yet but im sure it will be great. but just not feeling the cod ghosts estetic of the multiplayer in it.
It realy is a good game dont listen to all the people on the hate train :D
Prob not as good as BO3 but not bad TBH.Has some cool gadgets and some of the new weaps are interesting and have alternate modes.
The game is not that bad
So it begins....fantastic graphics..fantastic story mode..uhmmm multiplayer seems like I am playing quake...very fast paced..just run around and shoot...no lag issues...maybe they can create a crouch mode only or something...I'm hoping the more I play the more it wears me down to start liking the multplayer aspect...
What to really start with? I absolutely love the soundtrack. It reminds me of the old days, somewhere around Modern Warfare and Black Ops ages when they were released for the first time. And yes there are few issues with the current gameplay, and IF THERE WAS ENOUGH PRODUCTIVE FEEDBACK those issues would have been fixed already. Campaign is something unique from what I have personally exprienced before since original Modern Warfare (had MW1, MW2, MW3 and Black Ops 1-2 on PS3), and it does bring sort of big twist to how everyone wants to shape their own story. Multiplayer yeah it does have the issues but what would you expect from Day 1 when servers have not been stress tested enough at all. They always need little warm up before smoother experience. Also those who just keep complaining about the crashes/issues with graphics, wouldn't it be wise to change of from their old potatoes, or just simply tweak the game AND USING THE RECOMMENDED SAFE MODE when starting game again after crash. I haven't tried Zombies mode yet, but it does seem like interesting twist from what Infinity Ward previously created. And finally the topping on the cake; Modern Warfare Remastered. To many players it was first Call of Duty they ever played, including me, which brings my hopes up for possible (NOT CONFIRMED FFS but everyone can always wish for it) remastered versions of Modern Warfare 2, Modern Warfare 3 and Black Ops. My conclusion; Both sides of the same coin, Future and the Past in same package.My personal overall rating for this game, and all that comes with it, is 9/10
Just finished the campaign. An absolutely phenomenal game. The story is written by Brian Bloom who is also playing the main character Nick Reyes. You can see it's a passion project with a lot of emotional depth to characters and their relationships. The focus of writing of this game is not on defeating the bad guys but rather exploring various how different people deal with war, command and the loss of friends and comrades that comes with those. The story is also quite unpredictable so you will be surprised when you are sure it will go one way and then it twists it and goes in a totally opposite direction. Probably one of the most emotional Call of Duty campaigns in a very long time. You should play it just for that. Also some supporting characters feel like they belong in a Bioware game they are that good (ETH3N)Gameplaywise it's a solid first person shooter. You get your usual run of the mill weapons but updated with futuristic tech which you can see in the performance and most importantly in the amount of detail in the gun models. The stand out in my opinion is the fact that you can do side missions. They give you a map and let you pick some missions you can go on. And all of them are unique. The flying which is an addition to this franchise is more bombastic than realistic. You will not find the level of simulation of Elite Dangerous here however you will feel absolutely 100% bad♥♥♥♥♥flying around and taking out other jet fighters and even destroyers. Really cool and I hope Infinity Ward keeps for their next game.TL:DR Play for the emotionally deep campaign with some great writing and some of the most stellar motion performances in a video game. This is as someone who hasn't had interest in CoD in years.Edit: The performance is buttery smooth. Don't isten to others out there. The game runs at 126fps on my GTX 1080 and i7-4820K @4.5GH with no problem. It should run just fine on lower PCs.PS. You open all the doors in this game.PPS. ETH3N + Omar = BFF
This is my first CoD game. I bought it primarily for the campaign and the remastered game. I only have an interest in both campaigns. I have no interest in the multiplayer side of the game. My comp is 16gb ram, i7-6700k, GTX 980 Ti.Technicals:The game runs very well on my system. There are no issues what so ever. I was a bit put off by the graphics though. While they do pass for a AAA game, I feel they're missing some elements in the graphics. They feel a little too simplistic. I'm not sure whether it's ambient lighting, or god rays or something, but it's missing something or a few things. Don't get me wrong. They do pass and therefore I can get on with playing the game. The graphics are what they need to be to tell a story on a modern machine. But I was expecting more. Doom's game engine has more in it than this game, so I'm a bit amazed that this is lacking.Campaign:I am enjoying the campaign. In fact, I am enjoying it quite a lot. Normally in these FPS campaign games there's reasons to run into a room and search out every nook and cranny - even though the NPC's are telling you hurry up because of some time pressing serious issue. In this game, there's no reason to look at every nook and cranny simply because there's nothing to interact with. While some people might find that boring, when combined with a campaign that is linear and in a war setting where you're playing a soldier, it means you can get on with the action. As such the game feels more realistic - as if you are actually the protagonist performing your role. In other games, you'd be expected to do x immediately, but instead you'd stuff about with currently irrelevent consoles and other computer terminals just to see what's there. I like this direct, focused, linear way of doing things for a war person - it makes sense and creates more immersion.Overall I give the campaign a good thumbs up. If you like to look around for secrets and other hidden things, then this probably isn't the game for you. If you like in combat action with a focused agenda that leads you on a linear path without needing to explore every corner and you're interersted in a good campaign, then this is for you. I can't say whether this is a good campaign compared to other CoD games, because I've never played them. But I'm satisfied with this campaign.Note: This review is only about the campaign and technical issues the game has (if any). It does not take into consideration the state of multiplayer.
く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉　　　　　＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´　　　 　 ／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､　　 　 /　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',　　　ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 i　　　 ﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |　　　　 !,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 |　　　　　　　 |.从"　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |　　　　 ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|　　　　　 ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|　　　　　　 | |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|　　　　　　.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|　　　 　 　 kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!　　　　　　 !'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'　　　　　　 ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノ　　　　　 　　　ﾄ-,/　|___./　　　　　 　　　'ｰ'　　!_,.
One of the first reviews I've ever written on steam. This is due to the amount of negativity this game is getting, thought I'd chime in for the positive. It's not the best game ever made but it is a tremendous shooter. The campaign is surprisingly good. Usually a week point of cod games, this campaign is really good. The multiplayer is great it's like a more refined black ops 3. Even enjoyed the zombies which i don't usually enjoy that much. I've also found it's optomised well even on my gtx 965m which is a change.
my controller works great in lobby but wont work in game why is this? also the other call of dutys let u split screen on your pc why can you not on this one?
For being capped at 91 fpa, it runs very smooth. Game is fun and there arent't too many bugs for being day 1
Activision, what would I do without you? .......................COD RULES!!!!!!!!!!!I don't think you'll see any negative reviews, but if you do, @*$! them! This game is just as awesome as the rest in the series.  My only complaint is that I kinda suck; but I always have fun!Thank you, thank you and ........ thank you!
Great game, I did have a lot of lag back, even though that might be my connection, campaign is great, multiplayer is great, and it looks very realistic. the only downside would be from players, because all you can ever really find are Team Deathmatch servers. To be honest, if you see this game for 50%+ you definately need to buy it.
I came into Infinite Warfare thinking it was gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that I'd only be playing Modern Warfare Remastered. I was so, so wrong. Campaign:The IW campaign is sooooo good, I can't express how good this campaign is, people might get butthurt from this, but I would compare this how good this campaign is to BF1's War Stories. Although, I'm early in the campaign I can say that if you want a good singleplayer game with good gameplay and an okay story, this is for you.Multiplayer:I can't really say anything about this category as I've minimally played it but so far, it's not so bad.Zombies:Haven't played it, but I wouldn't imagine that it would be good, I'm not even sure I'm gonna try it.9/10Not as bad as anticipated.
A fine game, with a fun take on zombies although being a bit over the top. The game introduces a fun package overall I just am hoping it gets a few bug fixes and performace issues
I can't believe how ppl can mock this game.I'm 34 years old so I remember CoD 2. I see comments like "MWR is great. IW is♥♥♥♥♥♥" Why is it♥♥♥♥♥♥ Coz it's in the future? Coz there are no nazis to kill? Move the ♥♥♥♥ on. If you dont llke science-fiction then you dont. If you spend time online telling everyone how you hate SF etc. then go see a shrink. Most negative comments are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game is great. Story looks promising. Locations (Europa, Jupiter's moon took my breath away) are awesome. Music is great. Graphics is great. Characters are great. Dont believe a bunch of teenagers or cellar-dwelling, bearded 30yo+ year olds, still living with parents and taking pride in mocking every CoD game that came out after MW. I bought legacy edition but didnt play MWR yet. I'm playing IW campaign and so far i love it. Get the game. Defend the Earth from Evil Jon Snow ! :)
Runs perfect graphically wise nothing to complain :)Campaign = Very intense spaceship fights not easy at all ,story is way better than Bo3... 9/10Zombies = Currently Rank 14 very nice map easy to master 9/10Multiplayer = Played it for around 3 hours loved every minute but some maps are bit small (terminal ftw)The only downside is since im left hander i did bind the movement keys to the arrows so untill they fix it you may experiance some delay in your movement.Great game now im off need to play !
Haven't played any of the single player and only a couple of matches on multiplayer but i can safetly say its worth it just for zombies, the setting of the map is awesome and the music is superb, defiantly worth a buy
It's a descent game (IW), the only main problems I would like to be fixed would be: Mouse acceleration (IT IS ALWAYS ON!), and the weapons and movement feels a bit clunky.MWR is a great game for sure, except when you load in to a game, it stutters for around 20 secs then it is all good :).>>IW 6.5/10<<>>MWR 8/10<<
I purchased the legacy edition which comes with both infinite warfare and the remaster. I currently have only played multiplayer and shall focus on that. Infinite warfare:Pros:- game runs well (yes it is capped at 90 but still is smooth)- the game is well balanced- movement system is very well integratedCons:- repetition of a lot of maps in map pool- guns values are changed by the skinMWR:Pros:- nostalgic- good on consoleCons:- HORRIBLE on PC (with a 1070 I get maybe 60 frames. Its dips A LOT. Almost unplayable. Infinite warfare is VERY fast paced and usually there is no time where you can't find anyone to shoot.
Inifinite warfare campaign is actually very good. The plot depth and the great space battles are actually well constructed.Also side quests added.Overall the campaign was very enjoyable for me.The multiplayer tho... Can't play at all... There just arent enough players playing.Agian if the game was around 30USD (just infinite warfare) I would probablly purchase just for the really awesome campagin.thumbs up for CoD 4 tho xd
Its a great game I know all the reviews on steam are just a bunch of salty people with no lives by far this is the best cod game but its still on the same level with MW
I like this game! cod like cod! buy and enjoy! :)
WOW THIS GAME IS BREATH TAKING!!. GAME OF THE YEAR !?!?! BEST CALL OF DUTY THAT WE HAVE SEEN IN A WHILE . GIVE THIS GAME A GRAMMY OR A NOBEL PEACE PRIze HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS AMAZING. WOW. #BootsOffTheGround #BuildTheWallUPDATE: TO EVERYONE COMPLAINING ABOUT THE LAG ON REMASTERED WELL UR DUMB U GET WHAT U PAY FOR !
I enjoy it, been playing cod since COD4
everyones hating on a came with bad optimization.. i have 0 issues with perfect 60 fps no problems no stuttering no crashing.. the games been out for less than a full day.. i guess nobody ever heard of an update.. im sure 95% of all problems will be fixed in a few days.. but i have zero issuesand i like this game.. its actually kinda fun
Campaign is amazing, Infinity Ward always nails the campaign.Multiplayer is pure cancer. As far as the MWR goes it has beautiful graphics but it feels like a different game.Zombies are okay too, a bit too cartoonish like. Infinite Warfare:-Campaign 9/10-Multiplayer 5/10-Zombies 8/10MWR-9/10
To be really honest, I am not good at making reviews, but here I go...The single-player campaign was pretty boring in the beginning, but turned out to be very good once I got to experience more of it.As for the multiplayer, it is like any of the other cod's, but with some difference as different characters, a weapon that can split in half and all that kind of stuff.I can't imagine why people buys the legacy bundle just for the remastered CoD4 (Seriously, it might be a standalone purchase in a few weeks, so why use $60+?)I don't want to jump on the hate train, so I recommend this game. It has a campaign worth playing, and is really fun too.
I am really loving this game. Only a few hours into the campaign today, and I can't wait to see it someday in a VR version. It is the most impressive game I have ever seen. This game is for you if:- You like great immersive and epic storylines, at the price of more linearity on it- You love space themes (Wing Commander comes to mind as the closest) and can play a game that is not a simulator but an action/FPS fun game.- You have a good machine and high end graphics card that can pull the tremendously detailed and beautifully made graphics -I suppose some of the hate comes from lower end ranges, I found it a bit too demanding, but that is the price of the amazing content.I have enjoyed the combat more than in other similar games (Gears of War 4, Mass Effect, etc). I found the story far more engaging than the games mentioned, though do not expect an RPG on this game or a simulator. It is mostly action/FPS even when flying, but how fun! Become the captain of one of the two last Earth capital ships and live the epic confrontations to save the planet from extinction -I will try not to spoil anything and stop there :). It also has a lot of the elements that were first seen in Star Citizen, though knowing that this is not a flying / space simulator. The physics and ship controls are geared towards ease of use and fun rather than precision and complexity. That said, I do like simulators, and still can love this approach.Curious fact that I have not seen mentioned anywhere yet... when boarding an enemy ship for the first time, there is a side corridor with the paint "Waste Disposal 42". Uh? I think I know what they mean, and though I am looking forward to the game they seem to refer to, I can see that it has the bar 3 times as high now after this game... I suppose that the other hate wave may come for the same reason I did not buy any previous COD game -it may or actually does feel like a different theme completely -and in a sense it is. It is not a classic military game, it is a futuristic military game. And what the hell, I love it!
for me one of the best Callofduty ever created
In my honest opinion, thsi game is not perfect but it's as good as it can get. People really hate it for no reason. First buy it, play it, see for yourself the thrill and excitement you get when you see the Frontier map on the TDM map selector and then speak for yourself. If you enjoyed BO3 as much as I did (200 hrs) you will enjoy this game more than that. I already played the entire campaign in only 7 hours on RECRUIT but if I would've chosen another difficulty maybe it would'he taken more to complete it. I really loved the campaign and the multiplayer. The maps look marvelous and in my opinion the idea to grind for upgraded versions of guns you enjoy playing with is a nice touch from Infinity Ward. I really enjoyed my 8 ours into this game and can't wait to have another 200 hours more into it. I hope my descrpition will make you buy this game aand don't make he mistake of buying an EA game like BF1 because a stupid trailer of IW had more dislikes than likes.Pros:Good MP mapsGood story for the campaignA very nice idea with adding suplimentary missions for a mercenary squadA very nice community of Camper-Hating peopleNew and improved weapon moding interfaceCons:Too little touch put into the campaignFells like they made the game only for MPThey didn't bother to make a more detailed job with the landing craft in SPSome graphical issues and rendering spots (first day, maybe they will fix them)(i hope)I really suggest buying the game, not for the franchise but for the game itself, don't think about the hate or TitanFall 2, think about the happiness that this game brought you and your friends :)
To be completely honest, I was never planning on getting this game. For a long time, I was on the hate bandwagon. Untill recently, I figured "why not?". Maybe ACTUALLY PLAYING THE GAME would change my stance. I went into this game with an open mind and I can say this game is fun. Sure, my fps may stutter at times (using NVIDIA control panel can fix this), but this game is a blast. In my opinion, the multiplayer is better than Black Ops III, and this is coming from a guy that enjoys the boots-on-ground gameplay more so that the whole "futuristic" concept.So I highly recommend anyone who enjoyed Black Ops III to definitely give this game a try because, who knows? It may grow on you.P.S And yes, I got Modern Warfare Remastered alongside it, I'm not stupid :3*EDIT* It's quite funny that the hate train are putting negative reviews of the game even though they only put in a max of 30 minutes. Seeing a review like really does say something about the Steam Community.
It was really f*cking fantastic!!! Big thanks 4 this game :)
manly tears were shed for the best robro ever to beRemaster SP is beautiful, Remaster MP is a piece of garbage and a shame to the original
Good Game!!!!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I would recommend this game but only a couple of months after a few performance patches and hopefully better servers. Infinite Warfare so far is basically BO3, 3D movement feels great but it makes it easy for people to get cheap melee kills. MWR is definitely the highlight for me, it's just as fun as the original but the servers are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥and disconnect often.
The Zombies is great if you are a big zombies player and liked all the different stuff in bo3 then you will like iw zombies. and also update your graphics drivers so the game runs good.
Ok, I'm going to play Devil's Advocate here. This game is honestly not as bad as people say it it. The Multiplayer, I will admit, is absolute garbage, BUT the single player campaign and zombies mode MORE than make yup for it. The single player is fun, suspensful, and is honestly one of the better FPS stories I have ever played. The zombies are more varied, fun, lighthearted, and clever than they have ever been. So please, keep an open mind and play a demo of the game before you hate on it.
Tl;dr: For me this is an awesome game, yes it has some bad aspects, but it's definetely not as bad as everyone else is saying.I played through the whole campaing in about 7-8 hours and I actually loved the space combat and the movement of the characters, the story for me is amazing, but it feels like there's something missing in the end. I had no problems whatsoever with running the game, it ran perfectly on my GTX 960 on medium to high settings on 1080p. The worst thing is mouse acceleration probably,  but I kinda forgot it later on in the game. Multiplayer is as always regular CoD, fast-paced you get a few hits you die. The only thing I don't like about it is maps, and oh god they suck. While playing multiplayer for around 3 hours I found only one that I liked, but I never saw it again so far. Zombies... I've never been a fan of zombies, so I didn't like this type of zombies either. I guess it looks cool, and the whole card system is alright, but i'm not liking the whole zombies thing at all. Overall the game is probably like a 7 out of 10, but I wouldn't say that it's very bad, I liked the idea and everything, but when they release new CoD every year they lack something new. And this time I think the maps of the multiplayer have been kind of forgotten. They just added a bunch of maps that are boring and most of them are too big for 12 players.
Infinite warfare is definately not as bad as i predicted, the story is good,gameplay and the graphics is just amazing especialy at 4k. But i dont like that i have to pay an extra 20$ to get MWR, i feel like infinity ward just goes for the ♥♥♥♥ing money these days, this will definetaly be the last time ever i use my money on these bloodsuckers gamesthe end
Amazing Game,I reccomend to get it, good graphics, good story and great zombies
What people see reading IW's negative reviews:- Disgusting graphics- No optimisation- Stupid space locations, give us back WWII setting- lots of cheaters- expensive as f***- MW1 is best- MW1 forever- MW1 MW1 MW1- Battlefield rules, f*** off CoDWhat I see:-♥♥♥♥♥♥a-doodle-doo- have no girlfriend- everyday molested and beaten by parents- no job- PC's weak as f***- 12 y-old ugly kid- tiny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥br>- everyone is playing dota and CS, everything else is just garbage- k\d is 0.0110 angry whiny kids from 10------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Что видят люди, читая негативные обзоры на новую колду:- графика♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥br>- оптимизацию не завезли- дурацкий космос, верните вторую мировую уже- одни читеры- дорого ппц- МВ1 лучшая- МВ1 навсегда- МВ1 МВ1 МВ1- батла фарева, долой каловдутиеЧто вижу я:- ко-ко-ко- девушки нет\бросила- родители каждый день насилуют и ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ят- нет работы- комп ржавое корыто- 12 лет и у меня прыщи размером с Садовое кольцо- крошечный член- раньше трава была зеленее и пиво 40%- вся братва в доте и КС, зачмырят- к\д 0.0110 озлобленных нытиков из 10
the dislike about this game a few months ago before anything about the actual game came out was dumb to be fair, we all jumped on the band wagon and said this is bad. but after finishing the campaign, playing zombies, and running around in the multiplayer for a few hours, i can say that this is a really good call of duty, i personally enjoy it and cant wait to see what the DLC will be like. altough i would have been a lot more satisfied with a sequal to Call of Duty Ghosts, i find myself wanting to play more and more. havent played around with MWR yet but thats a seperate review :)have fun and use the type-2 for max enjoyment *lenny face gg*
Im not a amazing player in COD but i like IW. Zombies and my pvp experiece has been very good. If you have a GTX 960 or something like that with a decent cpu you should be rocking 60fps all day (1080p) (At least for me).
I must admit, the game is different. It's not like any other Call of Duty for obvious reasons. Sure the gameplay is the same pretty much as Black Ops 3 which if I do say so myself, is a good game. I personally believe people do not like this game simply due to the fact that they are following the train of other people saying this. Let's admit, Call of Duty Modern Warfare and Modern Warfare 2 were absolutely great games and probably will never be beaten by another Call of Duty game. But all things evolve, not everything evolves perfectly. For instance, the human race...I personally appreciate what the developers are doing, speaking for myself of course. I also, unlike some people, try a game before writing a review saying I dislike it. Come on people, enjoy the little things. It's only just been released and will most definitely have flaws and room for improvement, like most things.Pros: - Gameplay is fluent, easy to pick up.- Controls are simple like all others.- Graphics are getting better.- Layout is very simple and easy to navigate.- Overall, it's fun and a good way to play Call of Duty.Cons:- People moaning.- Minimum requirements are most definitely not what you need.- Very pricey for what you get.
very good game , the pc port of iw is very good unlike mwr.
If you are familiar with the Call of Duty series you know what you are in for. Fast-paced, small to mid-sized maps, continuous action. The game runs fine for me and while the graphics aren't an improvement per say, they are crisp and "cleaner" than past installments.If you are a fan of the series this is a good installment. If you are on the fence wait for a free weekend.
YEAH, I'M ON 'EM!
better than battlefield 1
Im confused here, I have a PC that can run BF1 on ultra everything at 1920x1080 at a very steady 60fps solid, I normally stay away from COD games, I fell in love with COD 1 back in the day and had a blast the first few iterations of the franchise,but the redundant fromula of same game new guns different paint job got old and I drifted away from the COD games for a few years now.So here i was watching the trailers and was thinking heck i will give it a try its been a few years I could go for some COD, only to get in game and find i am getting horrid fps drops and i have messed with the settings and tried everything i could, Even when i turn everything on mid and run it at 1366x768 it almost seems to get worse? not only that it seems to be rather blurry and dull even on max? I will not give it a bad review yet as I am aware that things take a while now a days to get settled out and I read that the devs are working on it which is good to hear, but all in all at the end of the day this feels the same....again. I mean i understand you have to keep the game similar in ways that your fanbase can accept and enjoy but if i can offer any advise to COD dev community (I know my voice matters little in the cacophony of noise that is the modern internet age) please PLEASE take COD and make it new again break from this cycle of re re re Regurgitated stasis that your games seem to be stuck, It is the same as it was back when i was holding an m1-carbine shooting nazis back in 2003. Take risks with your franchise go big dare to make a change and i am willing to bet you will see a renewed intrest in your games, just look at what the other big guy on the block has done, their graphics are mind blowing for FPS online, their sound can give you PTSD if your not careful, the destruction of enviroments is amazing, and i know you all at IW are very talented and creative and very very capable of making a product that could by all meant give the other guy a run for his money and maybe surpass them if you would just dare to step out of this comfort zone. (dont get me wrong I know you have a loyal fanbase that will buy whatever COD title you slap out and they bring you a steady flow of income) But I believe its time for COD to evolve into something new and fresh, I dont think I am alone here when i say this and I dont mean to be critical of a game i have not fully explored or spent time with yet. I am sure your campagin will be a blast as most COD storys are fun to blow through, I hope I have not offended anyone but this is just my opinion and I felt maybe something good could come of this. I hope you all at IW can sort out the fps drops soo as I would love to enjoy the story more. I will recommend the title for now as I dont think the fps thing is very common at this point and if you like COD then im sure you will enjoy this beacus it is much the same as the other COD titles when it comes down to how it plays and feels. With respect I sign off with hopes that someone at IW will read this and even if they for one second think "humm maybe we could do thisg a bit different..." I will feel like it was well worth the time.P.S. I dont know whats up or why this has not happened yet, but....you all could do a full installment of COD zombies and have a gold mine on your hands.....just saying. Zombies is always a blast (no pun intended).Peace out****EDIT*****After beating the story I wanted to say that i had alot of fun, the flying around in space was a little clunky and with a bit more time in development the side missions could have been a little more in depth, but all in all it was a blast to play, i felt for the characters at the end of their struggle and when it ended i felt it was a decent ending. I still have a hard time getting into an online match and when i do i get alot of lag, same with zombies, I am sure this will get worked out at some point. Anyway if you want to play a cool single player story that add a bit of new to the same ol same ol Call of duty formula then look no further, GJ devs i have a bit of new found respect for COD franchise, Thumbs up here.
Update: I've now gone through the campaign and it was worth it. Great story, good actors and going out in style. Could have hoped for a happier ending, but its COD. Worth playing though.I've got far enough through the campaign now that I feel like I can leave a meaningful review. So far its damn good.A lot of other reviews having been comparing it to other games or having issues with performance. My own rig is mid-high and runs this game beautifully after I reduced its rather ambitious default settings a tad. 90fps at 2K and loving every pixel.The controls are a little sluggish but ramp up the sensitivity and that goes away. The boost boots are pretty sick once you cotten on to all the funky ways you can use them to get around.Acting, performance capture and audio, great. Not much 'awe' inspiring music but decent and doesnt try to hammer you with audio to make 'atmostphere' like some games which is nice. Single Player is diverting and if you love SCIFI this definately hits a lot of good points. The guns are probably the only sinking point, a little MW and not enough SCIFI there, that said maybe later guns you unlock are much better.Some good actors involved as well right from the start and Ethan is great, I want one (minus the head crushing lol).I can't comment on the multiplayer, I havent tried it and frankly may never do so. I play COD for the story, I'm probably in a minority but there you have it.Overall: Good solid game. If the negative performance reviews are putting you off give it a week or two to patch up, issues aren't that uncommon with big release games on PC (the shear number of possible configurations makes it near impossible to test, they do their best and they can't all have dedicated backers and test groups like SC).  Steam are pretty damn good at refunds if the issues do effect you and you can always come back to it or buy it for console.Recommendation: If your having graphics issues or performance issues knock the shadows down to Med, reduce the AA to x1 and make sure your Resolution and Refresh rate match your monitor and windows settings. Scaling up to 4k is nice, if you have the meat in your PC to do it but kills everything else. 4K is bit pointless as well unless you put some serious money into your setup anyway.
♥♥♥♥ the haters honestly, The game runs great on my rig(bottom of review), the campaign is interesting to say the least, and the multiplayer is like BO3 just with more customization. IW's take on zombies actually looks pretty cool. i have had only one issue with the game and its the random mouse jitters that ive seen in every cod ive played on pcCPU : i5 6600K @ 4.0GHzGPU : Asus Gefore GTX 1080 OC 8GBRam : 16GB DDR4 @ 2100MHzP.S. i dont care how old the engine of the game is, i only mentioned it runs great because 95% of the reviews i read on steam say it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on their rigs which are only slightly worse than mine
What can I say about Infinite Warfare? Its a COD like any other, so If you liked the previous games you'll like this one but if you didn't like the previous games this one isn't going to change your mind.As fas as the PC port goes, I didn't have ANY framerate drops on GTX 970 and i5 6600 on ultra/high settings, solid 91 FPS all the time!Overall I really like the game and altough it isn't COD as it used to be it still is really fun to play and I think people should try the game before hating on it just because of trailersAlso: MWR is great as well if you want the old experince with good graphics.
Campaign = GoodZombies = DankMultiplayer = Absolutely f u cc k i n g s h i tI recommend you buying this game for campaign and zombies.
I promised myself i'd never jump into this franchise again, but after a long break, I gave it a go. A lot of reviews and trolling made me worried about the community etc, but having played the game myself I see that, a lot of complaints aren't justified. It might be because I've had a long break, but infinite warfare feels different and smooth. I do suck at the game so far, and as you can see my play-time is low. I'm giving this game a thumbs up to trigger all the negativity. As the majority of complaints are from wooden PC's, or systems that are overkill. MW Remastered is everything you expect really, nothing has really changed, just the graphics and a few bits here and there.
Game now manages to hit 60 FPS most of the time (unlike BLOPS 3), so that's a step in the right direction.  Just be prepared for the eccentric views on physics (silenced guns are useful in space, gravity is a gas that escapes out of the airlock, space fighters take the same amount of thrust to launch from the surface and space carriers).
There is so much negative reviews, I almost believed the game is broken, but I've played in multiplayer for a 1.5 hour and... I found that the game is fine. I'll try to remember all the complains and write my opinion on it. 1. Graphics is OK. Not "OH MY GOD IT'S 10/10", but OK. Looks the same as Titanfall 2 I guess with it's own pros and cons. 2. Gameplay is GOOOD. It's exactly what I've expected from Call of Duty in 2016. Fast, sharp, fair, tense. What else do you need?3. There is NO "mouse acceleration" option in game menu, so you have to disable it in the Window's control panel if you need it. You CAN disable it in windows. Well, at least I managed to do it.4. Weapon's accuracy is fine IF YOU ARE NOT SHOOTING FROM THE HIP ALL THE TIME. (tip: press right mouse button to shoot more accurate)5. There is no cheaters in multiplayer, well, I didn't found any. Sometimes you kill enemies, sometimes they kill you, like always. The gameplay is fair.6. No crashes, no lags, no any other problems for me.
It's alright.
This part of CoD was a success. Sci-Fi setting in it looks very cool and graphics are really cinematic, single-player story is still short, but made in the best traditions of action-games, each key member of the ship's crew stick in the memory, especially Android named Ethan. Main villain (Salen Kotch) was shown very little and not revealed himself, therefore, the main enemy of Nick Reyes is his own rank of captain and it can confirm a phrase that said one of the crew members:"if you don't have the will to make that kind of choice, you have no place being in command." -"Peace to the fallen."Â©
The game isn't actually bad. People look at the game too negatively for some reason. The mechanics might have been overused but it actually if FUN if you look at the brighter side of the game itself. This is for the Infinite Warfare as I've have yet to download COD4: Remastered.
The game feels nice and smooth , the only problem with it is the mouse acceleration thing... that you cant deactivate.
its accually pritty gooood not multiplayer tho...  story is ok but could be better and mwr is amazing
The negative comments are really damn childish, they decide to play the game for less than an hour, then proceed to say it's♥♥♥♥♥♥and spamming refund without experiencing its full potential. It's sad to see people only want to trash talk the game because they 'Don't Like Future Things'  ,plus, they are not actually giving proper reasons to why they dislike the game so much.I got COD: IW, only, and at this point I'm really impressed with it. Multiplayer is quick and fast paced, and is overall really enjoyable. The developers have created a better interactual system with the player, which really boosts gameplay. They even brought back old classics like Intervention and M1. Maps are well designed for wall riding and/or jumping, creating really smooth gameplay. Maps is close corned, creating good suspense, so accuracy and reflex is key to winning a fight and not just ''I Shot First! He Should Have Died!'' Zombies is very enjoyable with friends. There are countless easter eggs, and a good COD zombie experience. It can get tense very quickly if a player goes down, as the whole team is forced to pick him up with countlesss zombies chassing you.And singleplayer. They have really created a fun and very action based campaign. Story is good, and so is the combat. You now have many different ways of maneuvering around ur surroundings, plus, jon snow, Kit Harington, is the voice actor for the head character of the enemy.Graphics and gameplay is as good as a COD game can be (GTX 970, i7, 16 gb) I'm running over 90 fps at max settings, a bit of server lag now and then, but nothing that will destroy the experience.I will give this game a clear 8.5/10, would deffinietly recommend this too any COD fan, as this game is a clear and true Cod experience.
This Game is a cod game , people didnt like the trailer so they started ww3 with the Hillary Bipton , that fat rat bombed the serbia nation so we were forced to move out in to space and that ratty fatty followed the serbian air force in to space and started ww4, wooops i mean universe war 1 and it went on for like a while and idk some♥♥♥♥♥♥, and thats the story of this game , i give it  a strong sandwitch  out of a cheese
So far, I am loving this game, It is optimized for the gtx 750, well a tad bit.I am waiting for december for i get my hands on the gtx 1080
played about a hour into the story so far, seems pretty good, not to mention how well it runs, one of the est optimised games of the year, the prolems arise when i try to play modern warfare, the game runs horrilbly im trying to enjoy it, but i simply cant
I wish people would stop giving awesome games nasty reviews.  I guess that I am fortunate, game runs beautifully.  So far I've tried out the new game, the remaster, and the remaster multiplayer.  Mermory lane was strolled down.  The remaster is the same game, but with better graphics!  Yes, this game is very graphics heavy.  I strongly recommend this to any old school COD fans.  I lost my love for the series since Moderm Warfare 2 came out.  This game more than renews that old fire!  Kill the terroist!!!
Is this a bad game? No. Does it warrant $60? Maybe. Everyone on here is ♥♥♥♥♥ing and moaning about "mouse acceleration" or "poor optimization" or "multiplayer sucks" or "not MWR". (Outside of multiplayer, which I didn't play) I have had zero issues with the game.The gameplay is great, I didn't get far enough into the single-player campaign to experience the "jackal" spaceships. Will update when I reach that point.I didn't care much for Modern Warfare 2007, so I didn't invest into Modern Warfare 2016, and quite frankly, I don't give a damn about it either.Mnay people were complaining that "I don't like futuristic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t". Well guess what, this game began development immediately following Ghosts, which wasn't futuristic, and when many people were damanding change. Well this is the result of change you asked for: Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare.~8.5-9/10
Well, when I find something wrong with a purchase especially an expensive purchase I can't help myself from becoming a raving mad lunatic about it LOL.I haven't tried a campaign yet because there should be 2 of em and I'm just taking my time with them. I think the store page said the remastered edition will follow soon after release? Does that sound right? I better get what I thought I was paying for.I can connect to the MP and Zombie arcade and all the bells and whistles need more fine tuning. Crouch slides sometimes and vice versa, sometimes they don't function at all, that and some other kinks that should work themselves out by game use or patching. (I doubt it's my keyboard or peripherals that are the culprit more than likely it's the optimization)Not many problems with the Zombie map that I played for approximately 20 minutes so far.All the loadouts in MP are good to go. The mouse sensitivity seems to be out of reach for precision even though there are 4 sliders to adjust it.(I can't find a comfort zone yet anyway)Sensitivity isn't at all like COD3. It should be better but like I said I can't find the zone. Lower is better but It gets too slow  or it still spins and those small maps aren't easy to navigate when the mouse gets all goofy.The graphics look really nice so lowering them will probably be a change for the better.Maps are wicked small in MP with the exception of a few.The big maps are probably in the season pass.
Video Game fans are very hard to please and sometimes make you scratch your head. They complain when theres too much of the same in a series and when developers switch things up, they complain that it isnt the same o.OI started my Call of Duty journey with Black Ops 2 and have enjoyed each game since then. Personally, based on playing a few hours, I prefer Black Ops 3 to Infinite Warfare, but the single player campaign and Zombies in Infinite Warfare are really drawing me in.I'm running on a Intel 4790 Quad Core CPu with a GTX 960 2GB version overclocked and I'm getting 60 frames per second during gameplay ( 1920x !080 scrren resoultion and all settings at high/ultra). The game runs pretty smooth in all modes for me personally and I can really enjoy the game.
First off I didn't pay full price for this, never would for a CoD title.So Infinity Ward must have seriously binge watched Battlestar Galactica when developing this! Basically play as Apollo, Salt is essentially Starbuck, you're the only remaining carrier in the fleet against a relentless enemy that wants to eradicate you. The Navigation officer is called Gator, which I seriously thought they were calling him Gaeta until I checked the subtitles.. Even down to the way the Jackals are launched rips right off of Battlestar.. ♥♥♥♥ I love it though.Pros-Looks beautiful-Jackal missions add variety not really seen in previous games-Action and set pieces look and feel great-Variable weapons add an extra kick to the arsenal (Sniper/Assault Rifle & SMG/Shotgun particularly)-Non linear story with Side missions that give you new weapons, modifications and upgrades that assist on main missions.Cons-Story doesn't feel original-Story feels too short-Predictable-Enemies have a serious boner for the Player, couldn't really care less about the AI on your side (Typical for CoD though)-Lewis ♥♥♥♥ing HamiltonAll in all I find the campaign to be enjoyable yet predictable, but it looks so good I really don't care. I would recommend it.. Just don't pay full price.
My first impressions should provide a non bias opinion of this instalment in particular, being a huge fan of the series especially the first 7 i'm happy to provide a sincere and honest review of the game, using the open mind i possess and backing my points up with reasoning.Pro's:-Campaign is well constructed with a chronological narrative forming key characters.-One of the most daring additions is the completion of space fighter combat. This game succeeds in that aspect, executing it's motive very well.- Robust menu of online modes.Cons:- Some of the combat has restraints and could be more immersive- Multiplayer lacks any sort of innovation and is on the same spectrum as it's [redeccesor.Final Score: 6/10To conclude, you have to summarise this instalment in particular without focusing on the series as a whole and be able to respect infinity ward's decision to challenge new subjects. If every game had the same theme and story it would be bland, that may be fun for users but as a whole i prefer my games to be challenging, offer new narratives and provide immersive gameplay to contrast that. Whilst this game accomplishes those factors to some extent it could be polished and improved to a better standard and hopefully fixes in updates will be evident for progression.My reasoning for a recommendation is just so users can explore a whole new genre and familiarise themselves with something out of the norm.
I am going to try and give this a shot even though it seems everyone has made up their mind...The game is perfectly fine its a pretty much full package.Single Player: Its pretty amazing but its for sure one the better CoD Stories, they manage to keep it feeling futuristic but it also feels very much CoD like but has quite a few big Sci-Fi moments in it. Its a pretty evenly paced Campaign, and it really works for CoD. Its a very simple and easy to play campaign, the story is pretty good but it does fall short sometimes.Multiplayer: Its pretty good and solid, it feels sort of different but is not as fresh and I wish it would be, I was really hoping this CoD would be the one that pulls me back into the franchise. The multiplayer is fun in short bursts, at this point its a taste thing if youre into tons of quick action you will love the multiplayer. I do enjoy the more character based classes just like BO3 had. Most of the special abilities are pretty cool, and then crafting is somewhat new and cool. Scorestreaks dont feel too OP. The multiplayer is MUCH more grinding... then other CoD's. Will fans love this game? Yes.Best way to explain this, BO3 and Advanced Warfare had a baby.Zombies: Zombies is a bit fun I do not lvoe Zombies too much but I can see the Zombies people will love this version of Zombies.Modern Warfare Remastered: Wow. I'm in love so nostalgic the textures and lighting makes everything feel so amazing. I totally love this and I think you should for sure get this if you played COD4 because MWR feels the EXACT same, as CoD4.I do enjoy MWR much more than IW but its not a horrible game and still is pretty fun but the multiplayer in IW is not my style.
best COD ive played yet!  the haters going to hate!
Not such a cluster... release as the negative reviews are stating.I am running a smooth 60fps on ultra most of the time with my rig:Intel i7 5820K Extreme Hex Core 3.30GHz LGA2011 V-3Asus Nvidia GeForce GTX1060 6GBCorsair Vengeance LPX 32GB (4x8GB) DDR4 2400MHzGame needs some optimization patching and other bug fixes, but I didn't yet find anything game breaking.Game brings back the good old "Call of Duty" atmosphere that was missing in BlackOps3, and again it feels like a war game, with the adrenaline that comes with it.Personally enjoyed the jet flight and dogfight in space, nice touch from this titleStory is well written and has a good voice acting employed, also the characters are well madeFor me, this is the best campaign in CoD since Modern Warfare.Didn't try the other game modes, I only play CoDs for single player campaignI have no idea how other can have a problem running this game, but I do recommend it for the campaign
can not play the fooking thingAs most of the time Turkey Is in Europe But ♥♥♥♥ing steam think different and have Region Locked me out ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥company
i think this game is pretty good, hopefully the dlc  and the upcoming zombie maps are going to be good
This is what im talking about!Why the hate, this game is incredible. A couple hours into the main campaign and the story has me hooked. Gameplay and presentation are solid, and i haven't expierenced any bugs. Im starting to believe many of the reviewers knocking this game want COD to be something its not. Don't listen to the nay sayers, buy this game. The last time i was this engaged was MW.
I don't know what everyone is on about. Best CoD ever imo, and coming from someone who thought the last few were awful, and was done with the franchise, that IS saying something! Everything runs smooth at around 120fps on max setting on my 980 ti SC, I really can't for the life of me understand why people are saying it's a bad port, i've had 0 issues so far and in my mind this is the best CoD ever! Don't be a sheep and hate it because apparently these days, hating things on the internet is cool. It really isn't. Buy the damn game and form your own opinion! Don't compare to BF1, they are entirely different games. There is room to love both! I think this is around the same level of awesome as Titanfall 2, just quite a bit slower. Loving the campaign so much so far.
Aren’t we sick of peoples so called "reviews" that do nothing but slam a game because they can't get it working or have a rig that's far to inferior for them to play the game on?It's Call of Duty: over the top storytelling, explosive set pieces, fast paced multiplayer...not much has changed. For us that enjoy COD for what it is, this is a solid entry into the series. I'm a little surprised buy the lack of detail in faces and textures, it sure is no Metal Gear but I don't think it ever aimed to be in that department. I haven't finished the single player game by the time of writing this but I am interested in the characters and what the story is about thus far. As for multiplayer, it's exactly what you think it'll be, you don't really need to say much more than that about COD online.If Call of Duty is your game, you'll enjoy this title. If you never liked the game or sat on the fence because of its previously mentioned antics, Infinity War is not going to sell you on the Call of Duty name. Either way, I'm liking it and I hope my opinion helped.
There is a lot of hate about Microtransactions, release cadence, FPS lock at 91 etc. I bought this game for what I know it is - fun MP action, CoD style. I also own BF1 and Titanfall 2 and find them equally fun. It is well worth the buy and provides the solid CoD MP action. I have not had any issue finding matches, it runs smooth on my system and the graphics are great. There is a bit of an issue with the default mouse settings and it makes it feel sluggish. The folks giving negative reviews for this reason failed to open their options and change sensitivity. If you like the CoD franchise, I recommend you get this title. It is wicked fun.
Great game, A return to form, Runs like a dream on my PC enjoying the campaign so far and the Multiplayer is great. As long as you have a decent PC you will have no issuses with the game. It's crazy fun and the only people having issuses are running on potato machines.
As a Modern Warfare fan, I bought it to play CoD Remastered, but as I paid for something : lets give it a try. With an opened mind and avoiding comparing Modern VS Futur or CoD VS Battlefield, I was impressed with the new game style, 3D models/environements, and immersive actions. I didn't play Multiplayer, but I will definitively give it a try. I thumbs-up for these two games and for Ethan (the Robot) !
♥♥♥♥ing amazing
IF YOUR A SCI FI FAN THIS GAMES SINGLE PLAYER IS AWSOME THERE HAS BEEN A BIG ONLINE HATE THING GOING ON YOU TUBE FOR THIS GAME WELL THIS GAME RULES ITS AMAZEING AND GEUSS WHAT THIS GAME WORKS FINE RUNS AWSOME IM PLAYING ON A R O G LAPTOP WITH A 980M 4 GIG I CAN ALMOST MAX OUT THE GAME REPEAT GAME WORKS FINE THERE IS NOTHING AT ALL WRONG WITH THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE STUDDERS TURN V SINC OFF IN GAME THEN TURN ON V SINC IN THE NIVIDA CONTROL PANEL AND BAM SMOOTH AS SILK IM HAVE G SINC AS WELL  THERE IS NO WAY A 1080 CANT PLAY THIS GAME IF I AM PLAYING ON A 980M I ONLY PLAY SINGLE PLAYER COD THOE I HATE ONLINE IT MAKES ME MAD BECAUSE I DIE BECAUSE I WORK ALL THE TIME IN WORK CAMPS IN THE OIL SANDS OF HELL BEST COD GAME I HAVE PLAYED SINCE BLACK OP 1 AND I REALLY LOVED GHOST AS WELL THIS ONE DESTROYS BF 1 SINGLE PLAYER AND KILLS BLACK OPS 3 WITCH HAD A CRAP SINGLE PLAYER STORY
this game is better than i tought multiplayer is god damn awsome! and campaine is really good that space battles, just woahh. and is pretty funny tought, weapon costumisation is much bigger than in bo3 its just awsome game, what else could i say.i love it!
The game is rly Good
Been playing the campaign for a while. And I must say, this is... an improvement, from few past titles.I can't speak for much of the optimization - but it runs fine on GTX 970 / i5-4690k.30 fps during cutscenes, which can be jarring, but 60 fps for the most part.Game plays out like a mix of Starcraft 2 / Mass Effect / your traditional Call of Duty control schemes.Plot's little bit dull, but the freedom of choice given in the game is pretty inspiring.For instance, missions are no longer linear. You are going after targets one by one, in order you want.Finishing missions will give you various perks and aircraft upgrades on top of equipment upgrades.Out on the field, you have to pick up weapons in order to be able to use it in your loadouts later.Aerial combat can be little strange at the first glance, but game does not penalize you much on collision accidents.I had no expectation going in, and like many others, I was reeled in because of the Modern Warfare Remaster.I am pleasantly surprised. Perhaps it's the low expectation talking. But - game is alright.
Played the campaign for 2 hrs, and I have enjoyed it a lot more than Black Ops 3. Maybe it's because the protaginist are human vs half man-half machine like in Black Ops 3. Or maybe because the story is just better and the characters have way better personalities. The game looks and plays great. I average around 55 fps on max settings in 2560 X 1440 resolution on my I7 4790 with a GTX 980. So, 60FPS should not be a problem at 1080p. Even if you have a weaker PC, a few display adjustments and you should be there.The guns sound, feel and shoot great. I dont have a favorite, I love em all. So, a big thumbs up for Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare campaign mode. A+End Game: A+, I wish there were more missions. Maybe even a coop campaign. Here is my early impressions video:And I also set some early gameplay to Beethoven's 9th Symphony:
I Like it so far 1st impressions are good... thats it. Why all the bad reviews it looks and plays well Good IMHO.Not tried Multi yet, only campaign and zombies. Edit tried multi and not for me maps to small prefer battlefield 1 myself...bigger maps got time to plan and think.I refunded Deus ex and mafia 3 not this title though (its well worth it just for zombies alone).Most negative reviews are because of software issues with there computers.... not the game itself.
For all those people whining without seemingly know very little about how different softwares can interact then **** off - I saw someone in the comments who gave a negative review due to menu freezes whilst in the settings - Problems connecting to servers - I had this same problem and did some troubleshooting - I disabled my anti-virus and that fixed everything. Hope this could help someone else.
Based on about 90 mins of the single player campaign.Cons:30fps video cutscenes are very jerky compared to the 125fps I get in game.Every 5 minutes the mouse will suddenly jerk, with a huge delay, and I'm looking at the floor.Age old problem of having no idea if that guy in front is friend or foe.Cooking a grenade takes too long.Melee kill animation on combat mechs takes a loooooooooooooong time.So far, very impressed. Better than the last few CODs.Maintain about 125fps on full settings (low shadows)Ancient i5-4670 CPUand GTX980TiAction is intense and Micheal Bay.Voice acting is good (Not the first Wolf character in the intro).Most weapons feel fast and effective apart from 1 which is too slow and clunky. The weapon that looks like a P90 pulls to the right as you shoot. Use it in short bursts.A pleasent change from the intesnsity of Battlefield 1.
The hate fest is strong right now but in all honesty I've enjoyed playing so far. The only bad parts can be easily fixed within a week. So wait a bit if you want, but the gameplay in my opinion is enjoyable.
It's good, it just needs some optimization fixes and its set to go.BUT...The modern warfare remastered is AMAZING.
Not gona lie, I wasn't really hyped for this, I mostly just wanted COD4 remastered. But I am actualy finding myself playing Infinite Warfare more so far. I think the story is kinda neat and different its pretty fun so far and I am enjoying the multyiplayer; it got that feel of a mix between Ghosts and Black Ops 3 both of which I enjoyed as well. It seems like really fast paced this year which is a good mix with the other FPS games I am playig right now. I only played zombies a little bit and I am also finding it enjoyable too, feel different but also similar to the others. Overall I would say I am more impressed with the game after playing it and I would recommend it you get quite a lot of content (IW Story, IW Zombies, IW Multiplayer, COD4 Story, COD4 Multiplayer) epecially with the Legacy edition.
Fans of sci fi will love the campaign. The aesthetics and tone are totally rad. Reminds me of Interstellar and numerous other movies. Space combat is very satisfying. On foot gunplay is standard COD, no faults there. Multi is alright if I'll be completely honest. BF1 and Titanfall 2 satiate my multi urges these days. Zombies is pretty great however.Buy Infinite Warfare for its fantastic campain + the incredible COD4 remaster and its worth the money. Buy it solely for IW's multiplayer and you'll probably be disappointed.
I am rather surprised at the number of bad reviews. While I will admit the game has some frame/stuttering issues at the very beginning of multiplayer matches I won't go as far as saying it is a waste of money. I enjoyed it so far and have not had the problems many others are experiencing with the exception of the stuttering of frames at the beginning. I will say it does feel like they ripped a page out of Halo's book in terms of the way the game feels and plays on certain maps. This reiterates my feeling that one can never count on Call of Duty to release a solid and original game two years in a row. It seems and feels like every other year is a good release. Maybe they should release one every two years and get it right versuses being un-original and kind of boring. Either way give it a shot and come to your own conclusions.
COD IW:Remember to turn off film grain!!! The story mode still follows the tradition of call of duty - non stop action and saving the world! I love this story setting  more than cod aw. Campaign never disappoints.Performance Wise:Encountered some freeze esp.  during the launch to space scene even using GTX 1070.  This game still needs some time to be optimized.COD4 R:It is really one of the best remaster in the recent years. Compared to metro remaster, bioshock remaster, dead island, skyrim special , this remaster is a lot better.It feels like not only the game engine got updated, also the model, texture, effects and animations are all updated. Feels completely like a 2016 game. Really fun revisiting modern warfare with upgraded visuals.
I can understand why many people are hating on this game, but i'm liking it. It's a pretty fun game.And I have no idea how many people have issue with runnins the game, cause for me it's running smooth.
No problems with the graphics but, sensitivity is bad, controls are whack, aim is whack, connection is whack. This is a remake of BO3 with whack music. Its full of♥♥♥♥♥♥
This is a Call of Duty game "ehhh I have a bad computer so it's bad it look bad" No.......no......no..no you are a   d-i-p   s-h-i-tThis game is really fun   1.Mulitplyer is lots o' funnn  2.Zombies is awsome3.perk on a gun that makes♥♥♥♥♥♥shots count as headshots   Mainly looking at number three all and all very solid game with few bugs (in my experience)
In all honesty this game isn't bad, the only problem i have is that Modern Warfare Remastered servers aren't working for me and continuously time out.
Best call of duty since mw3 bo3 ghosts and aw were♥♥♥♥♥♥imobut i really like this+havent found any op guns yet+the classic unlock token system is amazing (you get guns from older cods)+fast leveling+optimized to pc+terminal remade from mw2+ i can run this game with all settings high/ultra without any fps drops (locked automatically to 91)but when i were playing bo3 i had everything on medium and render quality 90% to get constant 100fps so infinity ward did everything better than ♥♥♥♥♥♥ treyarch imo
Awesome Game! If you like Black Ops 3 then you will like this one. Few FPS drop issues but they will be sorted soon. With all grahics on max the game looks amazing!
Look, after everything is said and done only YOU can decide... however from playing the 3 matches i did I can see the pace is slightly slower, people dont jetpack as much as they did in black ops 3 and advanced warfare... if you have a low end computer, obviously your frames and optimization will be poor.... dont trust the people who say the port is bad because it isnt... i would say if you liked MW2 ttk.. and  you dont mind the future 7.7/10 would buy
i dont seems to have any fps,crash,freezing ,etc. issues..both IW and MW:R run smooth.  on on both games im getting 88-90 fps all on ultralike i thought at the begining when i heard a remastered version of mw1.. it will suck.i was kinda right.. visually it looks better (in a weird way). it doesnt run as smooth as the original didand i dont like it.Infinite warfare : from what i've played so far.. (few multiplayer games ) it already feels better, game is well made, nothing bad to say about it for now..EDIT:well i have played more on the COD MW:R .. and well its coming back , the memories from back in the day... all the campers.. glitchers.. cheaters... the lags...but it got something into it... i changed my mind about the remastered edition.. i like it too
Campaign: __________________________________the best thing this game has to offer, characters you can actually connect to, not just a story of a guy who smokes too much weed (ahem bo3).the gameplay is very innovative, unfortunately, with all these new gameplay mechanics the multiplayer didnt took any of them, this could've been one of the more innovative cods but too bad infinity ward wasnt sure about their game making skills and decided to copy bo3's gameplay.sick♥♥♥♥♥dog fights, 0 G combat, cool side missions and other cool stuff like a mission on a rotating asteroid.9/10multiplayer:__________________________________After 10 months into the game's life cycle i just cant come back to the multiplayer,i just can't get immersed into this game anymore, i've expierenced everything and i had enough, i dont wanna see anymore ricegum looking robots, no bull♥♥♥♥ a$$ deaths by nerds boosting all over the place like the map is a big♥♥♥♥♥Inflatable.no guns variety, if u want to do good, use the nv4, some guns are defenitly better than the others.the game gets boring after a year of bo3 and then this, i have 483 hours on bo3 and 400 on this, i think i've seen enough.and if that's how the future is going to be, full of nerds and skinny♥♥♥♥♥robots then fuq, i dont want to live for the next 30 years.i did enjoyed the multiplayer dont get me wrong, i just cant get immeresed into this game anymore.7/10Zombies:__________________________________i havnt played much zombies at all, due to the fact that NO ONE did, never found a single public match, and im sure the zombies are hella fun, pretty weak story wise, the characters are just there to be a playable character, i dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥if one of them dies.but the core game is pretty lit, lately im playing zombies solo, getting the wonder weapons and trying to do the easter egg and i can see how fun it would be with 3 more people.i used to play zombies always in bo3, i was prestige 4 cus when i got board of MP i started playing zombies in public matches and it was so much fun, i've made so many friends, we became a group and tried to complete the SoE easter egg, i would never forget these times, and IW just has none of it.very dissapointing, playing zombies wasnt the same this year.6/10__________________________________to conclude:i voted "yes" for this game, let the 400 hours speak for themselves, i had a lot of fun playing this game as a whole, thats why i give it a "yes" and yeah, there are a lot of hackers and lags and random errors, but the core game is very enjoyable
Have not tried the multiplayer yet, but it has been a long time since i have enjoyed a singleplayer as much as i do with this one!It really feels like a call of duty game again and they used to be known for their campaign.Don't mind all the haters that are raging just because this is a call of duty series. If they tell you this doesn't feels like a cod game, they prob started playing since ghosts or AW.Yes it is futuristic but so far i haven't been bothered by this and its actually a lot of fun!Also the exosuit style of gameplay is totally different from AW or bo3 in my opinion. When u run around it actually feels like walking and running is the most essential part instead of flying and ninja running walls.SO as far as the campaign goes, this game is 100% great call of duty gameplay like they used to make years ago.
Finally a good COD out of the box! Space theme is awesome IMHO
I honestly bought this game for MWR, although when i went into multiplayer for IW i was really suprized to see that i thoroughly enjoyed the game. And thats coming from someone who has played call of duty religiously since Cod 4, and that didnt like BO3 at all. Overall raven studios did a great job with this game and i think that i completely misjudge the game. I recommend trying this game out for yourself and not disliking it off the bat because there isn't boots on the ground. Also the jump suits are not a big issue anymore and are way less prevalent.
despite a bumpy start, i am now really enjoying this game, shame that the PC player base is so small though.
i have a intel i7 6700 and evga gtx 970 SC (For Anyone Who Haves The Same Rig)the games runs okay. Both IW & MWR could use better optimization Mostly MWR that game is hardly playable.Gameplay i think IW is way better then black ops 3 and i hate all of the new call of dutys 1. the maps are better2. guns are betteroverall  it's a fun game & Zombies in Spaceland is  super fun. Should you buy it....NOT RIGHT NOW....wait to see if they fix both games.
this looks good ðŸ˜Š
This is for Infinite Warfare, not MWR. Normal cod4 on PC is superior to MWR in every way possible.Playing this on an i7 - 2600k, gtx 760 and 8gb ram (basically minimum / just above minimum system reqs) im getting 70 - 90 fps on medium 1080p on multiplayer.Compare this to Black ops 3, where i needed to run it at low, 90% render resolution to get just 60fps, Infinity Ward actually beat out treyarch, which is sad.The gameplay of MP? Black ops 3.5
ok despite the negative feeling toward the trailer , the game is actually good ! I mean it has one of the best campaign gameplay I have ever played in the last 2 years. it's amazing. and for the multiplayer .. it's not that bad, the weapons and everything looks gorgeous
Runs better than AW and Ghosts.
Damn people still complaning? DOnt listen to them.... try it out it!! its amazing..1. smooth/ lag free multiplayer2. Amaizng graphics and story for campign..3. better zombies than bo3
I don't know why everyone always slams CoD, the campaigns are always awesome, i never play CoD for multiplayer, i ply other games for multiplayer.  But for my machine everything works great, looks great, and is a blast.  I can not speak for multiplayer or and i havent tried zombies yet.  So far only complaint is the initial load, that took forever but once in works great.
Honestly, I bought the game with very little expectations and mostly for MWR. From the short amount of time I played IW, there was no fps drop and the game played like butter. Gameplay is fast paced and entertaining. Cant speak about weapon balance as i have not played for very long. I just wanted to get a review up that wasnt just bad port poor performance. Most of my friends have not had performance issues that seem to be in most of the bad reviews.
Im Happily Suprised by this game, The Campaign is amazing so far although the first mission does seem a bit to "classic Cod" with its seemly on rails set design but once you get through that you have a really great experiance on your hands. I havnt tried Muliplayer yet but the Remastered Versions Mulitplayer excites me a lot more. There is a lot of hate for  this game here and i think(know) its unjustified, with one person claiming that it"only runs at 12 fps on his 1080" which is just wrong, im running it at 80 at 1440p on my 980ti with everything on ultra. Please dont read the haters opinions of the game who are clearly being mean about the game for the sake of it, try it for your self and you will be pleasantly suprised.
For the game - MPI only had the chance to try out MP only. The game runs very smooth on my gtx 1070 and 6700K. I know I have an above average built so it is not representative to all PC brethren here. If you do have a PC similar to mine that I don't believe you will have a problem.I have logged over 200 hrs on bo3 and the initial transition to iw is uncomfortable at first. I realized that something was off on iw until I set the POV to 110 which is what I had on bo3. Then the "feel" is just as good as bo3 if not better. Also iw sets the resolution to 4K supersampling when first launched which makes everything runs slow. I had to set it back to 1080p native than things are A-alright!The MP for is capped at 90-91 and had no problem on my 144hz monitor. I had 50% win-loss records for my first few games and I must say I loved the experience. It was exciting and as fun as when I first on bo3.I am not a long term cod player and I only seriously play cod starting from bo3 so I don't have the burden of nostalgic influence. I think both of these games are great in terms of game play but certainly lacking in some other respects.
When grenades actually mattered
So I mainly bought this game for the remastered COD as so many others have done, which has issues as well (mostly poor optimization). This game looks good and I get a good 60 FPS with everything set to High on a GTX 1070. People with Graphics issues should try and update their drivers. However what breaks it for me is the mouse movements and acceleration. It is horrible and does not work correctly. I had to stop playing because it was making me a bit sick. I tried to fix the issue by updating my mouse drivers and configuring the settings, but nothing worked. So currently I cannot recommend this game at the moment, when they release a patch to fix the mouse issues then I'll give it another go!Edit:So I started playing this game again after 2 patches. They did indeed fix the mouse acceleration issues that I was having when I first started playing so now I'm able to enjoy the game. First impressions (or 2nd?) this games is very much the same as the other CODs, but has a few new features. The fighter pilot gameplay that we saw in COD BO III is back and it’s much easier to control. Full weapon customization is also back and it’s slight different, but overall the same. You now pick up weapons and scan them into your arsenal and later can use them before a mission. So far the story is interesting and the same over the top heroic action we all have come to expect from the COD games. I for one like these stories, but I know that a lot of people do not, which is their right. Overall the game plays pretty much the same as the other CODs, but with different gameplay mechanics and a fresh story. I have yet to try MP, but COD MP is not really my thing so I may or may not give it a try. I will add more to this review when I play a bit more and finish the story.
Its the usual COD game nothing is wrong with it if you are a fan of the franchise. The people complaining have no idea what they want; Its like they want a Titanfall with battlefield combination. Im only speaking on multiplayer.the frame ratre is locked at 92 fps which is normal. Servers are good no lag. If you experience any its probably your connection i had one minor glitch 6 houirs after release but nothing to rage quit over. I truly wish therse trolls would just not buy the game instead of complaining. Im sure the console versions have excellent reviews. Its a great game to supersample or use DSR with guns are fun but as usual people will ♥♥♥♥♥ about needing nerfs and buffs. Trolls please sit down and stfu go play BO2 the MW remake or Battlefield.
Good game idk why people are hating only problem is my fps goes from 30 to 70 back to 30 then to 90 it's all over the place so pls fix
For all those people complaining about the game stuttering and running like poo for the remastered It's the DPI on your mouse that is doing it I turned mine down to 800 and its fine now.I fixed this problem by running the campaign first doing the first mission also i researched that cod 4 didnt like high dpi on the mouse so i turned it down to below 900 as anything higher messes the game and now its perfect smooth every time when I turned it back to 1000 rebooted game it started again.
For all those people complaining about the game stuttering and running like poo for the remastered It's the DPI on your mouse that is doing it I turned mine down to 800 and its fine now.I fixed this problem by running the campaign first doing the first mission also i researched that cod 4 didnt like high dpi on the mouse so i turned it down to below 900 as anything higher messes the game and now its perfect smooth every time when I turned it back to 1000 rebooted game it started again.
Nvm this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks was good for a week then went to♥♥♥♥♥♥please stop making call of dutys you are ruining call of duty♥♥♥♥♥♥ward
I have mixed feelings about this game but overall I think its playable.The graphics are decent although the feel cartoony and budget. However graphics usually dont matter but I know for some it does.The movement feels and works fine although they also feel somewhat budget.Multiplayer basically works like Black Ops 3 with a couple of differences.Zombies are in my opinion fantastic its a change from Treyarchs zombies but they still managed too keep whats fun with Treyarch zombies. (In my opinion) I think that treyarchs and infinity wards zombies should have differences because it ups the fun of waiting for the new titles being released.Overall the game is very similar to Bo3 wich is a good thing according to me.I rate it 7/10 just because it has some small disapointments but its an overall good game.[Edit] - All the hate that has been going on is obviously because of the previous hate on the futuristic idea. And I get that some people might not be a fan of that and i totally agree on the idea that activision should look into making not so futuristic games.
Brief reveiew incase u don't want to read the whole thing:SP: Great as long as you have a decent pc and you love futuristic theme.            MP: Kill time soooooooo freking short!  Not much improvements from COD 12.     6/10Zombie: Soz all my friends went to play other games.Cod 4: some how my PC cant run it.Single player mode completion update (2 days before uni finalls, 2am):I have to say i had lots of fun. Though in SP there are some slight boring/repetition times, I did enjoyed this 6-8 hrs journey in space. The start and end of the story is attractive and motivates me to keep on playing. The story commences at a good paste and characters were builtd with variations. Great music, stunning graphics.For me, its a 10/10. Best story since COD 10 . It might not be as phenomenal as COD 4, but still its a stunning game for 2016.Worth it.Worth the wait, worth the pc upgrade. And most of all, worth my time.Old review (based on steam store nag feedback):Don’t quite know for why so much hate. This page was filled with 'no' 'no' and more 'no'sBut leave the cod name and exceptions alone, its still the AAA product and is a great game.For me this game is worthy enough me work hard in summer and earn a new gaming rig just for this game.And i think it paid off. Though its just a few hours and i cant wait to say that its sooooooo cool.Its like the dream of taking a earth-space trip came true.Truly stunning graphics.(i have a gtx 1070 if u don’t meet the basic hardware requirements you shouldn't buy the game)Great music, always fits the sense.Damn man i love the futuristic topics!And for haters, let them hate. Cus one day when theres no CODs, it will be too late to cry. and plus, if you dont like the game, why bother spend money and buy it? Remastered? yeah suck that.
Absolutely stunning.  FAR BETTER than anyone is wanting to admit!!
Luv it
it's ok it's kinda like bo3 and mw2
its cod it runs its good.on it runs,on my 1080 it does,and i really like zombies,the campaign is something differnt travaling in space at your will choosing missions and talking to people around the ship its really cool.i like it anyway,no the shooting dont feel as good as titanfall2 or battlefield 1 but its still good.i like it its a 7/10 for me just good.
K so yall battlefield players stop whining this game ran fine for me idk why but i think the UK version is having issues cause im fine with my GTX 980 then again i do have two BUT this game is great i completed it (dont know if im the first) and had SO much fun although really sad ending i had tons of fun start to finish props infinity Ward
En modo zombis se sale
It is a amazing game and I would recommend  it if you like call of duty. The zombies are so good and one of the best s9mbies I have played in a while. I would give this game a 9/ 10
One of the best COD campaign's ever from start to finish it is hard to put down a great game with an amazing cast and strong sifi setting well worth it with this years COD!
good pc optimizatonEdit: This was no joke, it runs good for me
A poor mans BLOPS 3
I have to preface this with the fact that I've not cared about or played a Call of Duty game since the first Black Ops.Holy Hell am I having fun with Infinite Warfare. I've yet to touch on the multiplayer modes, but I'm a few hours into the campaign and I'm genuinely impressed with everything so far. The story isn't groundbreaking, and the lore is a little shaky, but the gameplay is solid, the mechanics are good, and if I didn't know it was a Call of Duty game, I'd think this was a AAA first-party title. Hell, the campaign actually becomes non-linear at a point and allows you to choose missions. The aerial combat isn't amazing, but if you're capable of playing Star Fox, you'll be capable of flying a Jackal.All the guns I've found so far are cool, as well. A lot of them have neat little gimmicks that make them unique enough to stand apart from the real-world weapons they're intended to be successors for. My biggest gripe is the screen tearing. It may just be my monitor or GPU setup, but I get a lot of screen tearing when playing and during cutscenes.I've heard the multiplayer has issues with balance and latency, and there's some kind of dumb pay-to-win system involved, so I'm kind of dreading finishing the campaign.So, in closing, if you're looking for an insanely-refined bog-standard Call of Duty game that you buy for the multiplayer and never touch the campaign, you're gonna hate this. If you're an old fan who's jaded about the series and thought the trailer looked cool, you'll be completely satisfied.
It is not working it is crashing
I like SciFi so I like this change and I haven't had a single frame rate drop or issues yet. The initial loading is way longer than I would like though.Edit: The initial preload only happens the first time you boot the game. Definitely worth the buy.People with fps issues probably cancel the preload option or don't have the pc specs.
Let be clear if your not a COD player dont buy this! Becouse it a COD game not a normal one I for one love the set and what thay do but if you never bought a COD game get one of the cheaper ones on offer and try that first.all so for the normal price of £40 I consider the game well worth it pay 80 and your asking to be dispointed.
The game is just so much better than people think it is. I feel like it's pretty much a better version of Black Ops 3, zombie art style was cool too and campaign feels good pretty far also. Modern Warfare: Remastered was okay but the loading screen times were long and sometimes i don't get to a game. Will be playing this a lot and hopefully the community will get to like it even a bit more. So good so far.
Infinite Warfare was amamzing the story was extremely well written this might be the best COD campaign to date 9/10.
This Game is better than BO3 Love it <3
If you are lucky and play this game without any difficulties, it's actually really fun.
This is the first COD game I have played since the first Black Ops, I got it soley for the Sci-fi story, and hell, its pretty damn good. (no I didn't get it with MWR, I dont see the point in paying extra for a game I've already played, and its no longer my taste)Pros:-The story is one hell of a blockbuster so far, and the MP is nice and quick. Cons: -It took a little bit to get used to the wall running and all that new jazz. -I have to work, so can't finish the story as soon as I'd like.(so really no cons I could find)Runs fine on my old i5 2500k, 8GB ddr3 ram, and vanilla Rx 480
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare:This game plays like butter on my machine. It is actually more smoothier than Black Ops 3 on my machine. It does have a cap 90 FPS but never goes below which makes it better than a uncap non steady framerate (like black ops 3). If you were worried about this game being a terrible port, it is not. I do see mix reviews within the several hours of release, but for my machine it is perfect. Many others I was playing online with said the same thing. Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered:This game is iffy on my computer. Some maps run fine, and some do not. When playing the iffy maps bascially there is a somewhat stutter but it does go away. Other than that, yeah I do think it runs just as good.Mouse problems:Supposely there is mouse acceleration on both games? I'm not totally sure about that, I seem to be rolling people just fine.Specs:i7 4790k32GB MemoryMSI GTX 1080Acer Predator xb271hu (2k resolution)Edit: 11/17/2016Mouse acceleration is fixed. Look options include settings for raw mouse input and to disable smooth mouse. They also increase the menu FPS. Not sure what else they updated with this patch, but just doing a review update.
Shoot glass in space to send enemies to their eternal doom.What more could you want?
I understand your hate for cod cuz i bet you dont hate the past 4,5 CODs as much as i do so stop panicing and give the game a chance there is nothing to be afraid of,refunds button is right there!so far its pretty good!
I honestly really like the new zombies.  The campaign is cool, full of interesting set pieces so far.
$79.99 PackageInfinite Warfare:   Even with an earlier GForce GT 640, I've been able to tweek the options so it plays fantastic.  Make sure you load the latest driver fron Nvidia though.  After the Mafia 3 Bomb of the year, this game is feeling, and running great. My computer is 8 years old running Windows 7, I've only played a short time and I'm loving it (I'm a long-time Call of Duty fan too).  Remastered:   Very pleased and better than I expected.  I always did love the original game and the remastered has had a ton of added visuals that makes it perfect.  I originally thought $79.99 pre-purchase was a little steep to pay for these two games, but now I'm very pleased I got the remastered too.  Worth every penny.
After finally getting to play the game on 11-6 late in the evening, with pretty much no tech support from activision or online.. I was able to figure out how to make the game play.  After playing it, I do like the game, and the new feel and graphics of the game.  I dont necessarily care about some of the space settings, and dont really care about robots running around.  But we'll have fun with it.. the next COD id keep the current movement system, (slides,etc,wall running) but do away with the futerstic settings, like robots,etc.. Make em soldiers on the ground ... Modern Warefare.. new series maybe.. But I like the game and look forward to playing it this year and coming year..
You get to kill Conor McGregor. Nuff said!
Mics don't start on open mic this time.Would recommend if you like CoD for zombies but not if you like CoD how it is mp wiseIt's different and if you can't accept that it's changing, you're gonna not like it, like every other negative review on this page.It's a new style of Call of Duty, it is obvious they're trying for a new style, to spice things up. Don't hate them because everybody else is. give it a proper chance with a neutral lens, don't view it like previous CoD's. They kept specialists and that style of combat. It's fast paced like every other call of duty, with nothing much different. From what I did play, it felt very similar to BO3, but there was an off feeling that I couldn't quite put my finger on. I don't care much for mp, I'm a zombies type of guy, and it's fun. It's new and different, I find it harder than BO3. In terms of zombies, it's the same wave survival type as BO3, with levelling and weapon customization, there's a new perk system as well and with the same perks with some differences. There's the crafting and challenge system and some new features on the spaceland map. So much potential in it if they keep adding more zombies maps as DLC's. Overall My expectations were blown in terms of zombies, I believe this map rivals some of BO3's top maps.Campaign wise I don't plan on playing it. It lost its appeal after MW3 in my opinion, they're all so repetitive. Computer wise I have a literal toaster(Nvidia GT 730), so I'm playing it at 20 fps and constant dips. I don't really care though, I'm not picky when it comes to looks. It's still a good game imo.for Modern Warfare remastered, I've played a little of the campaign and it's amazing, it's just as I remember from COD4, just with as low quality as IW(thanks to my toaster). They haven't changed anything apart from graphics, so if you're expecting something different, you'll be disappointed. Haven't touched the MP yet.
once you get past all the hate and actually play it a pretty solid game with a fun multiplayer and zombies mode it can take a few games to get used but after that its a fun enjoyed game
Bought a 9 year old CoD game for 80€, Activision included a gift called Infinite Warfare which turned out to be a good game.
Best call of duty ever made 10/10
if you like a fast paced  FPS you will surely love this game
It's been awhile since I've had this much fun in a Call of Duty.
It's been awhile since I've had this much fun in a Call of Duty.
I normally skip COD in general, got this because of setting.  All the hate though, I played titanfall 2 and I loved the campaign but finished it on hard in 4 hours.....(and thats with breaks)So far 3.5 hours in and I must say I like Combat in this far more then Titanfall 2, don't think I died once in titanfall and plenty of deaths here.Note I doubt will play any mp just talking about sp. I am getting an odd freeze every now and then though for like 5 sec.Edit: Finished game on vet, took 10 hours, Story wise pritty good, much better then Titanfall 2 story.Combat MUCH harder then titanfall(at least on vet)
WOOWOWOWOWO hype
Runs smoothly @ 4K 35-40fps on an i54690K R9 Fury. Excellent campaign AI, will update later. So far, very good !Really really enjoying it still. Wish there was more games like this, Vanquish was good too.Update : The multiplayer is completely broken and I can only spectate, not take part.
Call Of Duty Infinite Warfare. Definitely a controversial title in the series but also a game that had been victim to blind hate since its announcement.Infinite Warfare has 3 MAIN modes not counting game modes such as Boss Battle, YOLO mode, or Gesture Warfare. Those 3 modes being Multiplayer, Single player, and Infinity Ward’s take on Zombies!I will start with the single player campaign. This story is in my top 3 best story modes in COD history hands down right after Modern Warfare 2 and before Black Ops 1.You take control of Lieutenant Nick Reyes which after certain events takes over the position as captain of the UNSA Retribution. You go through multiple Story missions and Side quests (YES SIDE QUESTS TO GIVE MORE BACKSTORY! THANK YOU, INFINITY WARD!) learning about the SDF and how to counter attack their fleet. This must be one of the best COD stories Due to the great cast of characters, beautiful cinematics, and multiple game modes within the story such as YOLO mode (get as far in the game as you can without dying or you have to start from the first level again.) and what I believe to be the best way to play; Specialist mode, where you will not recover health or fix broken bones unless you use a STIM (Health Kit you find while playing).Now I will cover Infinity Ward's take on the classic Zombies game mode. This is my second favorite take on Zombies ever! beating BO2, WAW, AW, AND BO3! Falling just short of BO1 due to nostalgic reasons alone (I mean, come on you can't beat Kino) Without the Season Pass you get access to Zombies In Spaceland! which must be the best of all the maps due to the amazing feel of the 80's, Hasselhoff as your park DJ! OH YEAH, THE DAMN MUSIC FEELS SO RIGHT TO SLAY HORDES TOO! easy-ish Easter Egg but punishing Boss fight, and a great set of wonder weapons to name a few. With the Season Pass you get access to Zombies In Spaceland, Rave In The Redwoods, Shaolin Shuffle, Attack Of The Radioactive Thing, and The Beast From Beyond! In order from best to worst I would rate ZIS, AOTRT, SS, RITR, and TBFB. AOTRT has a great map to play in and a fun yet challenging Easter Egg with a painfully easy boss fight. SS has a great environment, hard Easter Egg but a boss fight you can’t fail in solo (Infinite revives)RITR has a neat map but super easy Easter Egg and an even easier boss fight I don't find myself playing this map much.and TBFB is just awful. The map is boring and feels very rushed, (Nice to see cryptids return though!) and a VERY easy Easter Egg but a very boring and slightly difficult boss fight. Once I got Directors Cut I haven’t played this map since. As of 10/31/2017) Overall amazing zombies experience! And I didn’t even mention Boss Battles where you can skip the Easter Egg steps in any given map and go straight to the boss! if you can pick this game up on sale it's worth it for the zombies alone! Season Pass or not!Now the oh so controversial Multiplayer. Infinity Ward has done things right and wrong when it comes to multiplayer. They added salvage along with the key system for supply drops making it to where you could play the game and earn the gun variants and guns you wanted without having to "Gamble" for them. So good on them for that! The Season Pass maps have been nostalgic and overall well-made and fun to play on! and the base game maps are all great! Granted Mayday. I hate Mayday.I am not sure what it is. I didn't get hooked on IW MP like I did with BO3 on PS4 I finally burned out on BO3 at prestige 7. on IW I burned out at prestige 1 and I can't understand why. If you own the Season Pass you get all DLC guns for free, they have events all the time, such as the very fun Gesture Warfare or the classic Boost On The Ground game mode. and yet I still don't feel compelled to go back. Overall, I suggest you pick up Call Of Duty Infinite Warfare Season Pass edition while it is on sale. It has an amazing story, Great zombies, and an alright Multiplayer. Thank you for taking your time to read this. and please remember these are my opinions but I am not afraid of non-racist, and slur ridden criticism. Have a great day!
i like the game it plays better than Bo3! but its faster
a great game overall people hate it because they think battle fall 1 is better
I'm reviewing this game as infinite warfare and not as CoD IW cus there is just no more CoD in this games. What is of course not a bad thing cus the game is good, beside some optimization problems and for some molotom game style, what i cant say cus my last CoD was Black Ops 2. But if you put CoD into the title, we expect a CoD, what i think we didn't get, and i think that this is to the reason why people don't like CoD anymore. How i said the game is good and i like it as infinite warfare but not as Cod IW. I hope that we will soon get back the old modern based CoD games that i and a lot of other people really miss.
(THIS IS A EARLY REVIEW, PLEASE CONSIDER)Call of Duty Infinite Warfare,The game that has beaten a record in the most disliked video game trailer on Youtube.It's actually not that bad!From now on my reviews are going to be way different from how I was making them before, just to minimise the hate.Do I enjoy playing ? Yes, I am definetly going to play untill I reach level max on the Multiplayer and definetly going to play the zombie mode that turns out to be amazing!I'm a PC Gamer... Do I like the graphics, is it performing well ? I personally use a GTX 980 Ti and a I5 4670 and I have nothing more to say than i'm doing an average of 90 PFS in the multiplayer at least I did not try the zombie mode yet tho. Also yeah I do enjoy their graphics system, to me it looks a bit more cartoony, less realistic than the other and that's actually positive to me!Is the General Gameplay fun ? Yeah i'm having a load of fun ! I've been into a couple of games and I just love to feel the action in this Call of Duty, well done Infinity Ward!Multiplayer? I have not encountered any sort of lags, ping issues, or crashes so i'd say it handles pretty well the 6000 players that we currently have on the PC. Zombie ? Can't say much about it it's still a early review I have not test itThank you for reading,Toby
Runs extremely well for me on ultra after updating my GPU drivers, port appears to be rather well optimized. Zombies this time around is an absolute blast, probably my favorite COD zombies so far.
This game isn't bad, the multiplayer can be fun if you don't mind that people are going to have better weapons then you. And for anyone who says they have perfomance issues it comes from their patato pc.It's far from perfect but it's alot better then last year
à¸¡à¸²à¸«à¸²à¹€à¸£à¸·à¹ˆà¸­à¸‡à¸”à¹ˆà¸²à¹€à¸�à¸¡à¸ªà¹Œà¸™à¸µà¹‰à¸�à¸±à¸™-à¹€à¸�à¸¡à¸ªà¹Œà¹€à¸�à¸¥à¸¢à¹Œà¹€à¸¥à¹ˆà¸™à¸ªà¸™à¸¸à¸�à¸¥à¸·à¹ˆà¸™à¹„à¸«à¸¥-à¸„à¸¸à¸“à¸ à¸²à¸�à¹€à¸�à¸¡à¸ªà¹Œà¸—à¸³à¸­à¸­à¸�à¸¡à¸²à¹„à¸”à¹‰à¸ªà¸¡à¸šà¸¹à¸£à¸“à¹Œ à¹„à¸¡à¹ˆà¸¡à¸µà¸šà¸±à¸�à¹€à¹€à¸•à¹ˆà¸­à¸¢à¹ˆà¸²à¸‡à¹ƒà¸” à¸›à¸£à¸±à¸šà¸ªà¸¸à¸”à¸�à¹‡à¹„à¸¡à¹ˆà¸¡à¸µà¸�à¸²à¸£à¸�à¸£à¸°à¸•à¸¸à¸�à¹„à¸¡à¹ˆà¸¡à¸µà¹€à¸Ÿà¸£à¸¡à¸•à¸�à¹€à¹€à¸•à¹ˆà¸­à¸¢à¹ˆà¸²à¸‡à¹ƒà¸”-à¹€à¸™à¸·à¹‰à¸­à¹€à¸£à¸·à¹ˆà¸­à¸‡à¸•à¸­à¸™à¹€à¸£à¸´à¹ˆà¸¡à¹€à¸�à¸¡à¸ªà¹Œà¸—à¸³à¹„à¸”à¹‰à¸•à¸·à¹ˆà¸™à¹€à¸•à¹‰à¸™à¸”à¸¹à¸­à¸¥à¸±à¸‡à¸�à¸²à¸¥ à¹€à¹€à¸•à¹ˆà¸‚à¸­à¸­à¸¸à¹Šà¸Ÿà¹„à¸§à¹‰à¸�à¹ˆà¸­à¸™ à¹€à¸�à¸£à¸²à¸°à¹€à¸¥à¹ˆà¸™à¸¢à¸±à¸‡à¹„à¸¡à¹ˆà¸ˆà¸š-à¸ªà¹ˆà¸§à¸™à¸­à¸­à¸™à¹„à¸¥à¸™à¹Œà¹€à¸­à¸²à¸•à¸£à¸‡à¹†à¸„à¸·à¸­à¹„à¸¡à¹ˆà¹„à¸”à¹‰à¸‹à¸·à¹‰à¸­à¹€à¸�à¸¡à¸ªà¹Œà¸¡à¸²à¸”à¸§à¸¥à¸�à¸±à¸šà¹ƒà¸„à¸£à¸­à¸¢à¸¹à¹ˆà¹€à¹€à¸¥à¹‰à¸§ *à¸ˆà¸š****à¸•à¸±à¹‰à¸‡à¹€à¹€à¸•à¹ˆà¹€à¸¥à¹ˆà¸™à¹€à¸�à¸¡à¸ªà¹Œà¹€à¹€à¸™à¸§ fps à¸¡à¸²à¸ªà¸™à¸¸à¸�à¸ªà¸¸à¸”à¸¥à¸°*** à¸«à¸¥à¸²à¸¢à¹†à¸„à¸™à¸šà¸­à¸� BF1 à¸”à¸´à¸ªà¸™à¸¸à¸�à¸�à¸�à¸§à¹ˆà¸². à¸­à¸¢à¹ˆà¸²à¹€à¸­à¸²à¹„à¸›à¹€à¸–à¸µà¸¢à¸šà¸�à¸±à¸™à¹€à¸¥à¸¢à¸¡à¸±à¸™à¸„à¸™à¸¥à¸°à¹€à¹€à¸™à¸§ BF1 à¸§à¸­à¸¥à¹Œà¹‚à¸›à¸£à¸²à¸“ à¹€à¹€à¸•à¹ˆ COD à¸„à¸·à¸­ à¸§à¸­à¸¥à¹Œà¹�à¸¡à¹‡à¸—à¸Šà¸µà¸™ à¹€à¹€à¸•à¹ˆà¸ªà¹ˆà¸§à¸™à¸•à¸±à¸§à¸Šà¸­à¸šà¸­à¸°à¹„à¸£à¸—à¸µà¹ˆà¸¡à¸±à¸™à¸¥à¹‰à¸³à¸¢à¸¸à¸„à¹€à¸›à¹‡à¸™à¸­à¸™à¸²à¸„à¸•à¸‹à¸°à¸¡à¸²à¸�à¸�à¸§à¹ˆà¸² à¸®à¸²à¹† à¹€à¸¥à¹ˆà¸™à¹€à¸�à¸¡à¸ªà¹Œà¹ƒà¸«à¹‰à¸ªà¸™à¸¸à¸�à¸­à¸¢à¹ˆà¸²à¹„à¸›à¸‹à¸µà¹€à¸£à¸µà¸¢à¸ª #à¹„à¸¡à¹ˆà¸£à¸¹à¹‰à¹€à¸�à¸¡à¸ªà¹Œà¹€à¸„à¹‰à¸²à¸—à¸³à¸­à¸°à¹„à¸£à¸œà¸´à¸”à¸™à¸±à¸�à¸«à¸™à¸²à¸”à¸´à¸ªà¹„à¸¥à¸™à¹Œà¸�à¸±à¸™à¸­à¸¢à¸¹à¹ˆà¹„à¸”à¹‰# à¸ˆà¸š 55555
Actually having fun with this game. I get no fps drops EVER, and thats in both remastered and IW. Zombies is fun but theres only one map which is a little sad, but its very big. Leveling system for zombies and multiplayer, camos and unlocks and stuff carry over from eachother. This review is subject to change if anything happens however. So far seems ok to me!
BEST!!!
Well,Something I have to say,I love E3N, he's a cute robot,like BT7274 in Titanfall2,worth play,this is a good game
Awesome! Game play is sleek and smooth. Graphic is photo-realistic (best graphics in a game I have ever seen.) and natural. I am a single-player guy. Multiplayer game is not so enthusiatic. Campaign is better than Titan 2 and an edge with Battlefield 1. Titan 2 campaign according to Angry Joe is pathetically 5 hours only. Go for it, buy this game just for single player in mind.
I'll be honest, going in, I wasn't expecting a whole lot. Coming from Ghosts, I, as well as several other people I'd imagine, lost a lot of faith in Infinity Ward. That, coupled with the overwhelming negative response to Infinite Warfare leading up to release left me hesitant if they were able to at least gain back some of our respect. But I decided to give Infinity Ward one last chance to see if they could regain my respect, and pleasantly, I can say Infinite Warfare is a good start. (Disclaimer: I have no interest in the Modern Warfare Remaster so I will only cover Infinite Warfare)Performance:GTX 980 TiIntel i5 45708GB RAM4K MonitorI'll admit, I'm amazed how stable and optimized the game is. Coming from previous Call of Duty games on PC, them usually being garbage in terms of performance, Infinite Warfare plays like a dream on my machine. Running the game at native 4K on High settings, I get a constant 60FPS in Multiplayer, Zombies, and most of Campaign with slight dips to 40 when heavier action scenes come up. I've read other reviews of some machines running it relatively poorly, so while I have zero problems running the game, it may not be the same for everyone. Graphics:With it being the latest in the franchise, the game does look good. Particle effects stand out beautifully, textures are sharp and the visuals are overall pleasing to the eye. The color pallettes in certain areas, namely multiplayer maps, seem relatively cold and some areas tend look very samey, yet other maps are full of color and match the mood I believe they were going for. For a Call of Duty game, it's a gorgeous game to look at. For recent competition, namely Battlefield and Titanfall, it's somewhere in between. I do wish that one day they decide to use a new engine to up the graphical fidelity, but for now, it is still very appreciable for what you're getting.Gameplay:It's Call of Duty so you know what to expect. The pace is reliably fast, guns feel like they have weight to them and will do what they are asked of them. The formula hasn't changed since Black Ops 3, but it has been refined. The game, overall, feels a lot smoother comparitively and I feel the movement blends together a lot better. For those of you that have played the more recent Call of Duty titles, namely Advanced Warfare and Black Ops 3, Infinite Warfare is definately the fastest of the three. It's much faster paced than Black Ops 3 and TTK has also been shortened. Personally, I feel it is an improvement. I wasn't the biggest fan of Black Ops 3 and Infinte Warfare, honestly, feels like what Black Ops 3 should have been plus more. While there are less guns (though I'm sure more will be added through the Black Market) they all feel unique in their own right. Each gun handles significantly different than the rest, which coming from Ghosts, is a welcome improvement. Specialists characters have returned and I am equally as mixed on them as I was in Black Ops 3. While at least in Black Ops 3, Specialists weapons demanded at least some skill to use, I feel Infinite Warfare took a couple steps back. They border on overpowered at times and slightly ridiculous other times. I feel through tweaking and patching, they could be slightly toned down, but that will simply tell with time.Story:I'm not gonna pretend that Infinite Warfare boldly takes a new step in storytelling, It doesn't. If you've played recent titles, you can probably predict the story from the get go. That isn't to say, however, that it isn't worth your time. I'm a few missions in, but I have found myself genuinely enjoying moments in the campaign thus far. Previous titles have done a lot to work with big name actors and fancy cutscenes and Infinte Warfare has continued that tradition, and honestly, I can appreciate their effort. It's a massive improvement over Ghost's story. The dialogue, for one, is miles and miles above and beyond Ghosts and unlike Ghosts, I haven't dozed off ten minutes in. If you like over the top action and surprisingly well put together cutscenes and intermissions, then I recommend it.Conclusion:Infinity Ward has a long way to come to redeem themselves for Ghosts, but I can at least confidently say Infinite Warfare  takes a step in the right direction and checks all the boxes for me.It's a fun game.It's got good graphics.It runs extremely well.The gameplay is smooth and feels improved over previous titles.Honestly, if you liked Black Ops 3, but felt it needed more, Infinite Warfare is the game for you. If you haven't yet played the newer CoD games, give it a shot, I feel it's probably the best of the three, but if not, you can always refund it. If you hated the newer CoD games, don't bother, this game most likely won't change your mind.Overall, 8.25/10
Loving this game so far.  The story is nothing new for cod but the change of time, meaning  further into the future. I don't have a problem with the time because i play many games set in the future.  This and titanfall will be comapre but i don't think they should be. Well for one titanfall has hugh robots and  Cod has man sized ones. And since each of the 3 studio's have now tried similar movement like titanfall, then the game that if you must compare would be titanfall 1. Since the team that help make cod what it is is now making titanfall the controls are similar but different. The main reason pilot's in titanfall can double jump and all the movement stuff is the jump gear. So that right there is something IW doesnt use in all mission's and expecting to jump around like the pilots in TF 1/2 is expecting too much. Dont get me wrong i like the controls but they like all games need a min to get use too.Story  So the story starts off like most cod's which is with a big showing of action. The city you start in is very detailed and looks very good. The main character is someone you will be able to like and care what happens to him.    Having put in more time I can feel confident that even tho the story isnt over I have played enough to help inform ppl. The story has good characters who do the normal back and forth with each other. Atfer a few mission's they start to build a trust with each other, even tho they are from different branches of the military they know they have a job to do. The story like most cod's has a build up and will start to flesh out with each mission.  The mission layout is very current gen, which is open so you can pick which you want to do from a map of our solar system. They are like alot of open world rpg's. By that i mean they have a main mission and side misssion's from the main story but each mission gives you reason's why you would do it. Such as perks and weapons plus all the extra's like attachments. So each mission can be more import to you depending on which perk and other bonus's you want.Graphics  The game looks good at 1080p and looks even better at 1440p. I'm one of the lucky one's in which i can play it fine and it is running fine even at 4k. But I know some have had problems having the game run let alone play a mission. The game has alot of little details which help make you feel like you out in space or on another world.  One missions where you are on the moon and in the back round you can see earth.  This is one of the better looking cod's and with the look it plays like cod. The zero g missions takes a sec to get use too and feels wired at first.
Runs smooth provided you meet the requirements. Multi-player is fast paced as ever. Only problems besides launch day lag I'd say would be respawning on tight maps. End up spawning behind people alot or people spawn behind you and your objective. Beyond that liking it so far.
Ignore the people with terrible computers complaining about the game being buggy or a bad port.This game runs perfectly if you have something better than a toaster.100% recommend this, and it's probably the strongest Call of Duty on launch in years.I'm absolutely terrible at it (My K/D in TDM usually hovers around 1.2 in CoD, this time it's 0.3) and I'm looking forward to the challenge of getting used to the lower TTK and getting better at this.10/10, buy this unless you have a toaster.
Der Ersteindruck ist gut.Missionen sind sehr abwechslungsreich, viele Flugmanoever, Autokaempfe, ploetzliche Wendungen (Hafen wird ueberflutet, Angriff von Raketen). Nach einigen Stunden die ich als Intro hinstellen wuerde, geht das Spiel im Komandoraum los. Ab da koennen Missionen und der weitere Verlauf gewaehlt werden. Auch das Skillen ist ab hier moeglich.Leider hat die SinglePlayer Kampagne sehr sehr viele tote Ecken und Raeumen, wo man den Spieler lieber haette belohnen sollen, dafuer das er diese entdeckt.
Its alright I guess
I personally enjoy all of the Call Of Dutys, If you like'd black ops 3 futureistic you might enjoy this. I know i do
All the haters make this game even more enjoyable the hate bandwagon surrounding this before release has been proven to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This is hands down one of the best Call Of Duty's I've played, the campign for Infinite Warfare is probably the best or joint best one to date, the zombies is god damn hilarious and I consider it the best zombies experience that I've played. As for the multiplayer I've had a few matches and the gunplay and movement is smooth so far I can't fault it, there weren't that many games but hell I was playing less than an hour after release so I can't really complain. As for you morons in denial...yeah you loved COD4 so did all of us but don't lie to yourself and everyone else if you think you aren't going to play Infinite Warfare because your saltyness is too much to prevent you from forming your own opinion because this game got♥♥♥♥♥♥on before it was even released.Also you ♥♥♥♥wits who gave the game a negative review with less than 1 hour of gameplay (excluding those with performance and crashing issues) why the hell did you spend money on it you plebs, learn to do some research before you buy a game otherwise give mummy her credit card back.
Wow, I have surprised myself yet again. Giving CoD: Infinite Warfare a positive review? Blasphemy.On a more serious note I do enjoy it, it plays very similar to Black Ops 3 and I loved that game. However, I am rather triggered that I cannot unlock the weapons & variants I want via challenges. It's all up to luck that I get them, because I have to either grind my♥♥♥♥♥off earning keys or pay $$ to buy CoD points. Activision can suck my left nut.
Havent played Campaign or Modern Warfare remastered yet, but so far, so good. I like the new exo system, it feels more fluid than the one i Black Ops III. As for the graphics optimalization its pretty well done, i played everything on medium +- at 3440x1440 @100hz and i almost didnt experience framedrops. I dont really understand what people are complaining about, as this is a pretty good start for the game. The gameplay is more slow-paced than BO3 but feels more balanced and a little more chaotic.
Is this where I ask for a refund?EDIT: Okay the game had a rough start, I was tired, everyone was trying their♥♥♥♥♥off, I'm gonnas keep this short and sweet, INFINITE WARFARE IS A GOOD GAME. It's undenyable that the mechanics, graphics, and weapons all make a good game yes, the only reason the game is really recieveing so much hate is that people say the developer doesn't listen to them. Which if I were them, after making 4 WW2 titles and 4 Modern-ish titles, I'd branch to Space War too. That's just my opinion but it's 2016 so it's practically hatespeech to have an opinion.
love this game and only a couple hours in
better than expected... best cod since black ops 2... only bad thing is the 91 fps lock
I somewhat agree and disagree with the opinons on here. The multiplayer feels absolutely nothing like any of the COD games in the past which I like. I wasn't looking for a copy of BO3 with a new storyline and new guns. I personally have not had any connection issues myself, but a few of my friends have. There are a few maps which are a little small and cramped but once you figured out how to manuever in the game (stop thinking black ops 3) the maps can really be used to your advantage. My one issue is....graphics, I have a 980Ti and the game runs fine, generally around 100-110FPS, but my goodness it looks like crap. I feel like salt and pepper is covering the screen along with some weird blur stuff thrown in as well. Right now I'd rate the gameplay 4/5, graphics 2/5, stability 4/5. So overall, I'd give it somewhere around a 3.5-4 out of 5. Its a good game, and im sure it'll get smoother and better as more patches come out. Many games have had way worse starts than this, so don't be too quick to judge it. Also, the zombies is great,  very confusing so make sure you use the tour guide the first time, helps alot.
Infinite warfare may have been precieved badly by the public but it is a solid game. Multiplayer is fluid and enjoyable the additional zombies mode is fantastic. The only problem is actually the part I was looking forward to the most. CoD 4 Remastered. Its great when it works but its hurt with unstable frame rates and stuttery gameplay. To any Call Of Duty fans it wouldn't be a bad idea to add this game to your collection!
This is another Call of Duty with different reskins. The guns don't feel overpowered to me, but the movement is a bit slower in IW. I'm enjoying this game, even though I only played multiplayer tonight. I took a gander at MWR as well ; it's how COD4 was back in 2007, with better graphics. If you could wait until the holidays, do that.  Other than that, you're not missing much.
*No spoilers*As if anyone cares :P."The more things change, the more they stay the same" - Gen. ShepherdIts an alright game (Campaign wise) and has its typical COD-ish moments. Well paced, cinematic and cohesive (like last hundred cods) but miles better than the last installment. The fact that one can review it despite playing less-than half the campaign shows the predictable nature of the game. Although it would have fared much better if it didn't have the words "Call", "of", "Duty" and "Warfare" stapled to it.I haven't experienced any problems on my rig so far. (i5 4690k, Strix OC GTX 970, 16GB RAM) but damn, the game doesn't start with a "fifty thousand people used to live here-ish" intro, rather an unexciting "Preloading Shaders" dialogue. What year is this again?Look elsewhere for a COD MW4 Remastered opinion (as if it needs one).*Update* Recommend it 0% for Infinite Warfare and 100% for COD MW4 Remastered. (because you can't buy it separately, yet). IW is crap, couldn't be bothered to finish the campaign, haven't touched the Multiplayer.Disappointed COD fan.
Came into this game with an open mind. I have enjoyed call of duty since cod 4 and really enjoyed bo3. So far all i have had a chance to play is the campain and its been exciting and interesting! Feels kind of like mass effect at times controling a ship and with a nice big universe. Love the charachters so far and i cant wait to get home from school tomorrow to play some more!
In the First Eye its realy better than chost zombies i don't have now to many time the menu looks very good
This is game where Jon Snow went full Ramsay.
Just like No Man's Sky, this has no working multiplayer.
IMPORTANT!! I am having performance issues. On a gtx1070 the game will ocasionally stutter and hang for a few seconds during scenes with alot of action and some cutscenes. Do not purchase until fixed, this is not tollerable in this day and age.SINGLEPLAYERPros:Gun fire feels responsive and meaty.Cool gun designs and functions with sweet tactical gear and uppgrades.Graphics overall are amazing despite looking dated at some points.Good pacing, going from stealth to action to story to ace combat style of space battle.Story, cliche is not the same as bad and overall the story is good.Characters, again cliche but they actually have personality instead of beeing a blank slate for projection.Voice acting, cliche as well shouting army language all over the place. And again that doesnt make it bad.The game overall has a nice flow with its wallruning and jetpack boosting.Cons:Animations, at times the animations are really choppy and character models might glitch into and around reach other. Cliche isnt bad, but its still cliche cmon!! I feel like the developers are afraid of their own fanbase and getting backlash if they innovate too much. Ending up in somehow staying inside the box while trying to develop outside it.Performance, this game looks good but my PC is beasty. And still the game is hogging up all of the resources. If I forget to close google chrome and skype before launching then its enough to noticably affect the fps.First impression score 8/10 a really good game so far and enjoying it alot cant wait to do more space stealth and space battle. And most of all, I cant wait to see the designs of all of the different planets! The planet designs are just amazing! MULTIPLAYERIts CoD. If you took Black ops 2, cut the time to kill in half, gave everyone futuristic weapons and jetpacks you would have the same game. You have a skill button you can use sometimes, you have a loadout just like before. You level your weapons just like you do.If it werent for all the hackers ruining older CoD games on PC I would rather play MW2 or BO2 then this.Infinite Warfare also has the same good old problem of killstreak rewards where the rich get richer and beeing a good player doesnt help if your team is dying and feeding the oponent power to use against you. Snowballing is a huge thing in this game.That said, I would give it a 6/10. Above average and still fun but nothing amazing and with the remaster I doubt it will have any staying power either. I will prestige once or twice sure like I allways do. But I doubt I`ll be sitting here 2 years from now thinking "oh I wanna play some infinite warfare!"I have yet to try out the remaster and zombies. If you are considering buying this game I would say wait until performance issues are fixed and patched. I would also say dont buy the season pass. If you enjoy call of duty then buy the legacy edition. Play infinite warfare for its singleplayer and then play the remaster for the CoD multiplayer itch. Its way better.But overall a good game and I would say the legacy edition is worth the price. Just because hating CoD is popular doesnt make it bad. Its sad that the toxic, hatefull and immature part of the  BF1 and Titanfall2 comunity feel the need to downvote CoD because their subjective opinion says their game is "better"Different =/= betterDifferent =/= badDont compare, judge on its own merrits -.-Humans beeing so petty makes me sad and convinces me to waste my time writing a CoD review nobody cares about, just to give it a possitive vote to balance it out as it is getting way to much unjustified hatred.Thanks for reading! I hope it helped somehow.
I wasn't going to write a review but I can see the morons are out in full force jacking it to being overly negative. Game performs well. 4790k and gtx 1080 gets me over 60 fps at 4k with max settings. That's for both IW and the remaster. Remaster looks good unlike the skyrim remaster I recently bought. Game play? Well it's call of duty. Remaster brings back memories and the rest,zombies, single player ,all seem decent for a call of duty game. Head on over to green man gaming, I bought it there for 64 usd with the remaster. Worth it in my book.
Get this game you ♥♥♥♥s
this game is amazing stop listing to all the reviows i like it more then the remasterd
The game is fun it is set in space witch is cool one thing i can tell you is dont lissten to the bad reviews thay are just troles that pop up on every new call of duty game overall 9.50/10
This call of Duty is actually better than I thought it would be,  the graphics are awesome and the campaign is amazing, they really put a lot of thought into the story,  but overall I like the game,  the multiplayer is fun and very fast paced, its the best cod since MW2 in my opinion.Cod MWR  is fun just like it used to be except the graphics are alittle better :pBut the games optimization is great i don't lag at all everything maxed out my specs are FX 8350, 16gb ram, Gtx 960 4gbIf anything else comes up ill make sure to update.
Jon Snow is good enough of a reason to get this...Pretty good ending too, I guess.
Game looks good, it runs great on my gtx 1070 and doesnt strain my cpu (amd fx-8350). This is my 1st ever call of duty and so far im really digging it. Ive only played the campaign so far but its nice to know there is a multiplayer and a zombie mode waiting to be played after the campaign is done.
Its funit looks prettyit runs very wellits set in SSSSPPPPPAAAAACCCCCCEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!
From what I have played so far I have to say it is being an enjoyable ride - fun, fast paced campaign, great graphics and running fine on my 6700K + GTX 980ti Zotac AMP! Extreme Edition card. Expect a lot of the old "press F" or "hold F" moments, those are so far my least favorite aspect of the game. The story is a bit farfetched so far but it keeps us going, blowing stuff up and picking sub-missions is quite fun - there is a lot to do here.
The star warfare is fine
I played Modern Warfare Remastered. Single-player is good, but, I never played multiplayer back in the day so I've got no nostalgia of it and I've just found out I actually hate MWR MP. IW MP is much better, I mean really. I'm a sci-fi guy and IW MP craps all over MWR MP. I'd say BF1 is marginally better, especially for graphics, but, I don't like WW1/2 shooters tbh. On the other-hand, IW MP is very fast, much faster than BO3, this could be good or bad depending how good you are as a player. Also, I don't like the character models in IW MP, BO3 did it sooo much better, but, the graphics overall are better. I'm contemplating just getting IW. For me, don't believe the hype BS with MWR. Also, on W7U 64bit, everything ran just fine, I assume most of the people having problems must be on W10. Stressed, over and out.
"Let's go to space!"* multiplayer:Did see out the window... I'm space... Didn't like it...The fighting was inside a base in space.+ It's broken. Much lags and full of cheaters.* The Campain:Very good like the others story mode. Maybe the best of them all. The spaceships and the other space stuff I miss in multiplayer.* Zombies:Same old, same old....Overall Score:6 Of 10.
Sometimes I think people buy CoD even if they don't like CoD so they can give it a bad reveiw.
game crashing update fasttttt
I know that this is still the launch and the game runs great on my pc except for the ammount of fps drops im getting. Im not suprised that this happened with the new cod but still would love a working one. I can play iw on 90fps and when i switch over to MWR which is supposed to be easier to run it runs on 36-40 fps... DissapointedUpdate: Infinite warfare and MWR have both started to play well, i still face some fps drops after playing for about 2 hours in a row, i hope they come up with a new patch soon fixing these issues.
why the hate this game is great the space weapons and multiplaer are solid and im a call of duty vet
Star warfare is good game lol
WARNING: Spoilers ahead! Those of you who WANT to play the Campaign, leave out everything until the Zombies and Multiplayer review (you find the points below by looking).Let me be the first one to give a mini review: So far, the game is fantastic. It is my style, Space Warfare. It is done unbelievably well despite the massive hate. But, the days of "working game out of the box playing" are over, because the game has a few bugs, which i hope will be fixed very fast.There are FPS drops everywhere, the second you cut a corner, there will most likely be some FPS drops, BUT the game can run 60FPS quite OK. It is worse with the cutscenes though, as these seem to be very chuggy and the characters seem to be somewhat spazzing around, kind of rubberbanding, but just very slightly.BUT, despite all of this, i can still recommend this game, as it doesn't really fail much in anything else.ALSO, do NOT listen to the salty peasants that bought this game just to call it out for being bad. The game runs pretty well in space, its more on planets where you will have problems with FPS drops SOMETIMES.For those of you complaining about "clunky" controls, you probably have NEVER played a space simulator or space shooter. CoD Infinite Warfare did the controls part REALLY well, and changing it would be stupid. Also, as i am currently the one having most play time on this game, you should (but clearly don't have to) take my review a bit more serious than those that have played this game for less than 1 hour (but it is of course all up to you). This, is Call of Duty, and you get what you pay for. Some people were overexpecting things, but for me, the game turned out exactly what i wanted it to be (beside the few bugs that will obviously get fixed fairly quickly).Zombies: Absolutely awesome. It turned out way better than what i expected from a gamemode that is more of a "side quest" for the developers to create and maintain. The entire "theme" is very well done, and i really like the idea with the cinematics in cartoon style. Lets also not forget all the new machines and mechanics added to zombies, i don't want to spoil much more, but Zombies is DEFINETLY worth checking out.Multiplayer: As someone else already noticed (and this is a negative point), there are clearly cheaters running around. You can see that by the way they aim, you wallrun past by them, slide over the floor, it being literally impossible to aim at you for at least 2-3 seconds, but they aim spot-on right the second you move past them, and it doesn't matter how much you wallrun or slide or fly around, they will always hit you (the worst are those with the "Twitch.tv" in their names, some of them CLEARLY cheat). Anyways, the Multiplayer is well done, and you do somewhat of "missions" (goals) to get new weapons and level up, and even get new classes (yes, there are classes now and you can steer Robots). There are no "high pings" or lags of any kind, THOUGH, i must say there is a very small form of auto-aim, and also no form for enabling "Raw Mouse Input", which makes the mouse pointing seem somewhat stuck to a grid like pattern, but this can easily be fixed in the comming days.OVERALL: The game is really well done, and people hating this game basically hate it because they expected to get something they obviously knew wasn't going to be what they wanted/fulfill their wishes. If you buy into the Call of Duty genre, you clearly know WHAT you are buying and what you should expect. Infinite Warfare is well done (i cannot say this enough), and the hate right now is either for it not being like "Battlefield 1" (which it isn't supposed to be anyways) or because of the performance.Last Word: I must say the Campaign was really something different for once. Yes, it is Call of Duty, but the work put into the Campaign in this game is/seems somewhat different, and that is because it is. I actually ended up liking some of the characters in the Campaign (allied characters) and felt sad for the death of a handful of them. The Campaign didn't aim at telling war stories, but rather how much friends actually hold together, as a team, and that makes a difference in Call of Duty for the first time. The Campaign was told with humor, but there were sad times were you felt like "why", but not in a bad way.TL;DR: Game is really well done, doesn't deserve the hate it gets just because its not "Battlefield 1"Thanks for reading,-Crow
#bfrip
This is the one to look out for
Game is ok i guess, multiplayer is amazing tho
Game runs pretty well. 91 FPS cap in multiplayer unforunately. 91 FPS easy with all settings maxed on a GTX 1080 at 1440p. Framerate never dips except ocassionaly to like 89. OVerall, perforamnce is better than Black Ops 3. More stable framerate, lower CPU usage, better GPU usage etc. Game looks better than Black Ops 3. Graphics are clean and well presented. FOV goes up to 120 which is nice.The gameplay, is a more refined and grounded version of Black Ops 3. Haven't got to try out all the RIGS, but they seem no worse than Black Ops 3 specialists, and there is more variety between them so it should make more interesting variations. Crafted weapons aren't a problem....yet. We'll have to see how that works out in the future. Hopefully it doesn't become an issue, but this is activision afterall.Haven't played zombies or the campaign yet.
